[228] 3. Where is Sirone? (3)

If another student introduced himself like this, he would be booed, but Dante was an exception. 

The students had no choice but to keep their mouths shut because they were proud of asking what kind of introduction was needed when they already knew enough to know through the magazine.

After the introductions to Sabina and Closer, the class began.

The spiritual theory teacher was a philosopher in his 60s named Karman who had obtained an official 8th grade wizard license.

Creas had a reputation in its own way, but in fact, the class itself was boring.

“Today, we will learn about the algorithm that distinguishes between individuality and egotism. We want to be different from others. But simply being different from others isn’t going to be personality.”

Dante's party was indifferent from the start. It was a subject that ended in the top 400 at the Royal Magic School.

Closer, who had been sitting in a bad chair, said.

“The class is so boring. What if it's personality and what if it's egotism? You live as you are. How old are you? It’s a theory of spirit.”

Dante also didn't care about class. More curious than that was a student named Sirone.

Dante, who had an interview with Olivia in the morning, received a special order from her to beat a child named Sirone.

Since it was his major, Dante readily accepted it.

I don't know who Sirone is, but I'm sure he's always had a stiff nose. However, from today onwards, he intended to make it so that he would not even raise his head.

'But it's rare. Why am I not number one?'

If the 2nd class archmage gave a special order to directly trample it, then it should of course be ranked first in the advanced class. However, the person who won first place was a mama boy.

Then who the hell is Sirone?

Dante's eyes swept over the students. Then, her gaze was fixed on one boy.

It was Mercodyne Iruki.

'Yeah, that kid was there too.'

Even when he attended the Royal Magic School, a rivalry was almost formed, but it fell apart because he transferred schools.

As time passed, he became the best in the kingdom, and since Iruki was not even featured in magazines, it was safe to say that the gap had widened. No, in fact, I thought that all the students here were not even close to the tip of a student at the Royal Magic School.

The Royal Magic School has no class distinction. There was only a ranking from first to last.

From the 30th place, called the devil's barrier, you are eligible to take the graduation exam, and the current ranks of Dante and his party were 31st, 32nd, and 33rd.

Dante was confident that even if he took the graduation exam right away, he would pass it. But his goal was only to be number one.

There is also a 32-year-old student in the top 30. Even if my skills were poor, I would not be able to ignore the experience of attending school for over 20 years, so I planned to prepare and graduate with the best grades.

If you enter the top 5 prestigious schools, the Magic Association will give you 10 graduation tickets. With that ticket, Alpheas Magic School is producing 10 graduates every year.

However, the Royal Magic School adds ten more chapters to the existing ten chapters as the best school in the kingdom.

With the large population of the capital and the added merit of being able to pass two-thirds of the graduation exams, it was only natural that aspiring wizards in the kingdom flocked to it.

After all, the level of the 30 graduating class of Alpheas Magic School and the top 30 of the Royal Magic School were different.

Simply being assigned to Class 4 with a cut-off of 30 was something that hurt Dante's pride.

Anyway, first of all, it was necessary to find out who the boy named Sirone was. When there were no students who looked particularly special, Dante asked the girl next to him.

“Hey, who is Sirone?”

"uh? Poetry, Sirone? It's the kid sitting at the far end over there. But why Sirone?”

Dante turned his head to Sirone without even replying. To his surprise, he was the boy sitting next to Iruki. He was also one of those who thought he would never be that kid.

“Hmm, your studies look good. But it doesn't look particularly strong, does it?"

Closer and Sabina were also looking at Sirone.

“Cheuk, he must be a criminal without even looking at it. Maybe it's because it's a rural school, so it only sells books. I'm already bored to death. When are you going to practice with this?”

“The fashion was poor, but he was handsome. He seems to have a calm personality, so he’s a typical unlocker.”

“Hey, if you’re going to try immortal function, you’ll have to go into the mountains and polish your sword. What are you doing at magic school?”

The immortal function is certainly rare, but it was not an absolute measure of the level of magic. 

It was a fact that could be known just by looking at the fact that out of five nationally certified first-class wizards, there was only one Unlocker.

Karman's spiritual theory class was nearing its end.

“When you come up with an idea, the more difficult it is to put that thought into practice, the more you can call it your individuality. Also, if you can easily elicit the approval of others, you can call it a belief. The problem is when the difficulty level is low and you can't even get acceptance. We call it egotism.”

The students nodded and Dante dozed off.

“In the future, you will have to think a lot. Good personality and good faith. But don't be fooled. What others can't do, but what elicits acceptance. If such an idea came to your mind, you might be right about it.”

The bell announcing lunchtime rang. The students clapped at the thought of being able to rest, and Karman left satisfied.

"Guys, I'll be back then."

Sirone hurriedly packed her bag. The only time he could meet Alpheas was during lunch, so time was running out.

“Are you okay? Aren't you eating?"

“Is it a day or two to starve? Do you know if the principal will buy you something delicious?”

"okay. Anyway, do well.”

“I might be late, so tell the teacher instead.”

While the students were getting ready to go to the cafeteria, Closer raised his arms and yawned.

“Whoa, are you done now? shit. Even though I only took one class, I was so bored. How are you going to last half a year here?”

“Still, since I practice in the afternoon, it might be okay. Dante, Dante. wake up. It's lunchtime.”

Dante woke up and rubbed his eyes.

“Ah, what kind of class is sleeping pills. Let's start anyway. Since you came to his garden, it would be polite to say hello first.”

Dante looked back at Sirone with keen eyes. But he couldn't be found anywhere he looked.

"what? Where have you been?”

As Dante was about to move, Boyle and Pandora blocked his way. As with Sirone, Boyle reached out first.

"nice to meet you. Fame is familiar. I am Chris Boyle.”

“Boyle. How old are you?”

Boyle straightened his shoulders as if he had waited.

“It’s number one. I’m the highest in the advanced class.”

As expected, Sirone was not in first place. Why didn't Master say anything about Boyle? If you release a beast named Dante, shouldn't he at least get the first prize?

“Then what rank is Sirone?”

Boyle was offended that Sirone was the one the kingdom's biggest star cared about. However, he smiled at the thought that if he showed his emotions, he would lose.

“Sirone came up this semester, so there is no ranking yet. But I'm sure he's a promising player. You could say he's my rival, but I think I'm going to be in my senior year."

Dante stared at Boyle's hand, which was still outstretched.

“I’m sorry, but I haven’t heard your name. In short, I don't know why I have to shake hands with you. You’re in first place in the advanced class, so kneel on your own. Is this?”

Boyle's face flushed. She didn't mean to, but it was true that she expected a similar situation on the one hand.

“Because I am a classmate. To be friendly... … .”

"classmate? So you and I are in the same class now?”

Sensing a chill from Dante, Boyle took a step back. He went through numerous competitions, rising to the top of Class Four, but he did not adapt to this kind of low-level provocation.

“What is your major?”

Boyle raised his head arrogantly, thinking that he could no longer be ignored.

“Summoning magic.”

“Puhahaha!”

Closer burst out laughing and hit Boyle in the stomach. Boyle, his feet lifted an inch, fell to his knees with a thump. Even when he couldn't breathe, he couldn't believe what had happened to him.

“School, school violence… … . Kut!”

Closer's soccer kick kicked Boyle in the stomach. He was a man who enjoyed fighting unlike a wizard, but he felt sorry for hitting him this time.

To see a 17-year-old guy look like the world is going to end just because he got hit once. I thought it might not be a rural area, so there were only bored kids.

Dante laid down the spittle boil.

“For now, just wait. Sooner or later, I will put them all under me.”

The air in the classroom became cold. No one thought of attacking Dante's party, who revealed their true colors within an hour.

Sabina was embarrassed and approached Pandora, who was at a loss for what to do, and openly criticized her appearance.

“What kind of makeup do you wear? It's different because it's a village. Do you go out to the bar at night?”

Pandora's face turned red. She was second only to being audacious, but it was the first time she had been insulted like this.

Sabina's hand caressed Pandora's cheek.

“Huh, it’s better not to move. My hands are sharp.”

Pandora couldn't budge. Sabina's hands were soft, but her words weren't lying. A cold chill lingered.

“Let’s see. What should I do with this angkaljin... … .”

Iruki, who was watching, interrupted.

“Stop it. Not even kids.”

Sabina frowned and turned around. But before she could say her word, her Dante walked away.

“It’s been a while, Iruki.”

“What, how do you know me?”

A vein formed on Dante's forehead. Even at the time, we didn't meet face-to-face and talked, but the rivalry was in full swing.

There's no way that Iruki wouldn't know that. It was clear that she was oblivious to the subject and was ignoring herself.

Nade intervened to lighten the mood.

“Wah ha ha ha! let's not fight Do you use it if you fight from the first day of the semester? We're going to study together from now on, so we should be close. is not it?"

From Dante's point of view, there's nothing good about losing to Iruki. He did not intend to be friendly with him, but he was from the dragon's family.

Dante turned his attention to Iruki and turned to Nade.

“Where is Sirone?”

Sirone went to Alpheas. However, unless he knew Dante's intentions, Nade was not the kind of person who would tell him obediently.

“Sirone? Aha, sirone is famous! But I'm also quite popular. Why don't we be friends? There is a supernatural psychic research society that I am the president of... … .”

Closer immediately jumped out and punched at the trick to kill time. As Ned's upper body leaned back, his fist narrowly passed by.

It happened in an instant, as if it had been put together.

'Oh, look at this bastard?'

Closer's eyebrows went up. The fact that he didn't even blink an eye while dodging by a hair's breadth was proof that he was used to fighting.

said Dante with a snort.

“Apart from laughing, your body is ready for battle.”

“Aww, you were surprised. Why are you doing this all of a sudden?”

Nade had an expression that he didn't even know what had happened.

“Hey, it’s okay. I don't know what the plan is, but I have nothing to do with a coward like you.”

Dante had no choice but to ask Iruki.

“Hey, you know what? Where is Sirone?”

“Why are you looking for Sirone?”

“To say hello. School life will be difficult from now on. Wouldn't you say you don't know like that coward? The world’s Mercodyne.”

"of course. Sirone is over here.”

Iruki pointed at his feet. Dante, who was examining the floor, frowned and asked again.

“What, on the first floor?”

"no. Somewhere on this planet.”

Leaving those words behind, Iruki and Nade left the classroom. Dante is so angry that even her ears are red.

“That child… … .”

---------------------------------------