Scale of eagerness (3)

Ikael looked at the Hexa spinning in front of him for a long time.

“What are you going to do?”

“As you can see. I'm planting hexa in your mind. Of course you have to accept it.”

The spirit of the angel was the celestial body.

“After accepting?”

“You will find out about me. Of course, I will also get to know you through Hexa.”

Ikael twisted his lips to the side.

It was somehow unpleasant for a human to infiltrate the mind of a noble angel.

'but.'

If that human spirit is Hexa.

“If I accept Hexa, will I be able to reach the same level as you?”

Guffin shook his head.

“Understanding is the process of extracting and reconstructing information based on known information. Hexa is outside the law.”

“That's what I mean. If I can't handle hexa anyway, there's no need to do this, right?”

“What realization… …

Guffin chose his words carefully.

“Sometimes you only understand the process once you reach the outcome. If you can't get it yourself, blindly believing is one way. You have nothing to lose, right? It may seem crazy now, but you'll know I'm right when it's all over.”

Ikael also understood Guffin's words because he was also a being who had reached a high state of mind.

'But believing is another matter.' No, to be honest, during the eons of fighting, there was no doubt about Guffin's personality.

'just… … I feel strange.'

Is this fear or excitement?

“I say it again, there’s nothing to lose, right? I'm already groggy. If you don't like it, it doesn't matter if you kill me then.”

"good night."

Ikael nodded.

“But if you do nonsense, then ask for no more mercy.”

“Leave it to me.”

As Guffin smiled and held out his hand, Ikael, who had been hesitant, slowly lowered his head.

"ah??????

The moment Hexa squeezes into the asterism.

“Huh!”

Ikael's eyes widened.

As the information called Hexa melts in the melting pot of the mind, the senses are integrated into one... … .

'Nonsense!'

It was a shocking bliss incomparable to any other pleasure in Ikael's life.

'Become one.'

It felt like I had conquered all of the guffins, and it felt like everything had been conquered by the guffins.

'no. We can't be like this.'

There is no resistance to the enemy's philosophies, and the feeling of wanting to accept everything even if he is wrong.

"Ahhh… …

Guffin's whole life was thrown into it.

'How painful it must have been.'

What he is angry about and what he is sad about, everything including things that cannot be conveyed in words.

'It's an intention to swallow me.'

Seizing a bit of reason, Ikael desperately tried to drive away the Guffin.

'no. I hate to be like this. If this condition continues, I cannot hate you.'

I come to understand Guffin.

"stop??????

Guffin hugged Ikael's waist as he struggled to pull himself out.

"are you okay."

Slowly raising his upper body, he pressed his face into Ikael's lips.

“Leave it to me.”

Truly, as if that were all, this Kael was stunned and unable to move.

Guffin's lips parted as they touched hers, and a hot object entered.

“......I”

As if struck by lightning, Ikael's shoulders trembled.

'what's this! what's this! what's this! what's this! what's this!'

The actions of creatures she had never experienced in an angelic body threw her into a panic.

'Wet, disgusting.'

It's so unpleasant, but on the other hand, I want to continue this bizarre act... … .

'Bad child.'

there was a bit

how much time has passed I couldn't figure it out, but I thought that I had already exceeded the implicit standard.

The moment Guffin's hand went up to Ikael's chest, the integration had already ended.

"go away!"

Startled, Ikael pushed with both hands, and the Guffin's upper body fell to the ground.

“Aww!”

Guffin, who had a painful expression on his face, winked at Ikael, who was showing off his spirit.

“I thought you wanted it too.”

“What are you doing!”

After all the process was over, when he came back to his senses, he finally realized what he had done.

“For you to do such a disgusting thing. How dare you scorn the archangel? I will kill you right now.”

Ikael raised his hand.

“It’s disgusting.”

said the guffin.

“Flesh to body rubs together, saliva to saliva mixes, organs lose even their original meaning… …

that it is a creature.

“But that is our life. If you don't do that, nothing will come of it.”

“What do you guys know? Angels themselves are noble, pure, and absolute.”

"how was it?"

Guffin asked.

“Did you really hate it?”

in fact.

'I do not know.'

It's definitely left in my mind, but the image in my memory didn't seem to be me.

"That's because you controlled my mind... …

“If you didn’t hate it.”

Guffin cut off.

“It’s proof that you have a heart too.”

Ikael's asteroid shook.

"??????mind?"

"okay. Any abomination feels beautiful, and no flaw is perceived as perfect. Hexa is the heart. That's why he's omnipotent, and that's why... …

Guffin said confidently.

“The world doesn't have to be perfect. An indifferent god is not a god.”

It doesn't have to be cold.

Guffin said, looking at Ikael's thoughtful figure with his head down.

“Now you understand what I mean. Born from a photon signal, you also have a mind. That's right, it's no different. We can go further.”

Ikael shook his head.

“Confused.”

The possibility that all concepts could be integrated into the mind was undeniable.

But in the end, it's the heart... … .

“I don’t know what to tell me to do.”

nothing is clear

'What do I think of this man? do you hate or not… …

This feeling of being adrift in the middle of the open sea was something Ikael had never seen before in his life.

Guffin understood her feelings.

“That's enough.” He knew what it was like for an angel, especially the first archangel, to lose his standard.

“I am not asking you to do anything right now. Why can't I do that anyway? If you're confused right now, that's your mind. Just accept it.”

Kael, who was just taking his first steps, couldn't understand everything yet.

But only this was clear.

' Humans... …

Was it that free?

'Gaian.'

And the only species that has integrated all that freedom in the largest frame

“I will fight.”

Ikael slowly got up.

“If I have to just accept your words, my heart is still in the world of the law. Will this be enough?”

"of course."

As a result, even if it seems like nothing has changed, in reality everything has changed.

"joy."

When you realize that you can choose, agony is born.

Ikael, who had flown into the sky, glanced down at the guffin before leaving and said,

“Save yourself and use it.”

As she fluttered her wings of light and crossed the horizon, the guffin finally relaxed.

“Whoa.”

He brought his right hand in front of his eyes and flicked his fingertips as if recalling a sensation from a while ago.

“I’m really going crazy.”

Then again, he covered his eyes with his hands and coolly controlled the boiling heat.

'Lucifer... …

His mind was equally troubled.

Omega conveyed all the events from the beginning to the end as a single signal to Sirone.

What humanity is experiencing today is just the tip of the iceberg, less than 1% of Omega.

'There was a huge myth.'

After psychically merging with Ikael, Gefin analyzed the angel's infinite algorithm.

Unable to give up the Ultima System, Gaiain and Guffin implanted Halo into the machine.

Thus, Ankera was created, Babel, a strategic killing weapon to kill God.

In Omega 738, mankind built a factory to mass-produce Babel and called it the Tower of Babel.

“You arrogant people.”

In the year 777 of Omega, the angels named Anke mobilize and give the order to destroy Babel.

The original concepts that make up the world and countless Maras derived from those concepts attacked the Tower of Babel.

Looking at the rapidly flying black angels, Satiel bit his lip gently.

'He looks like Ikael. No, that's Ichael.'

It had already been revealed that Guffin and Ikael had a deal of some kind long ago.

Then, it is understandable that Babel's shape resembles Ikael, but on the other hand, I wondered if it was really like that.

'If there was something between the Archangel and the Guffin... …

I heard Ekael's voice.

“Why is that, Satiel? The Starlight is shaking.”

When I turned my head, Ikael approached me, looking at the battlefield with nonchalant eyes.

"why… … ?”

Satiel finally couldn't stand it and asked.

“Is the shape of Babel the same as that of the archangel? Is it the enemy's trick, or... … ?”

“What do you want to say?”

Ikael asked coldly.

“Are you doubting me for erasing countless Gaians from this world?”

“Oh, no.”

Babel is a threat to God, but Ikael also realized the nature of Hexa and neutralized the 'Hand of God'.

'Yes, it's a simple transaction.' Gaiain's Ultima system has been weakened to the worst in history.

It was definitely Ikael's achievement.

“Fight!”

Following Guffin's voice, the Miracle Stream's light quickly spread across the battlefield.

“If we stop this, we win!”

As each concept of the angels was destroyed by the Miracle Stream, the amount of Babel's mobilization increased noticeably.

Tower of Babel as tall as Arabot.

Among Mara, there were those who were larger than that, but Babel's functions were comparable to those of angels.

“Could it be pushed?”

I don't know if he heard Uriel's words, but Ikael's indifferent face turned into anger.

"I'm coming."

As I opened Ataraxia and headed toward the ground, hundreds of barbells flew in.

“What a joke!”

Every time I hit it with my hand or hit it with my foot, the remains of the barbell crashed with a cracking sound.

He didn't show it, but it was a complicated feeling.

'It's enough to mock.' she shouted as she landed on the ground after destroying all of her replicas that looked exactly like herself.

“Guffin!”

Guffin, who had been fighting fiercely, turned his head in response to Ikael's voice.

As soon as Guffin's eyes light up, his body disappears as if evaporating.

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

The air was pushed out in the form of a huge sphere by the shock wave generated by the collision of the two bodies.

In a place that can be called a vacuum, all you can see is white photoelectricity that bursts intermittently.

On the other hand, to the two people engaged in a high-speed battle, it seemed as if the time of the outside world had stopped.

As each other's fists crossed, they hit their faces hard, and Ikael and Guffin were pushed the same distance.

“Big!”

Guffin's eyes stretched along the line of movement.

'Answer me, Guffin.'

Ikael, who was watching the scene, clenched his fists while erecting a slender body over 2 meters tall.

'Is this a mockery? or not… …

In what sense is she defined by Guffin?

“Ichael!”

Ikael gritted his teeth and jumped out at the sight of the guffin rushing forward while screaming.

“Answer me!”

At the same time as the collision, the rapidly expanding air rolled dozens of tons of rocks like fallen leaves and spread them out.