[332] Midwinter Night (3)

Lyria answered without hesitation.

“Just think of it. Evil is anything that rejects good.”

"okay? Then what is that line?”

“Anything that rejects evil.”

“… … .”

Lyria explained as if she understood Dante's silence.

“You get a lot of questions like that. But I don't understand it because I try to analyze it in only one way. Logic is, after all, just a way for humans to understand the world. More broadly, it accepts the pre-logic.”

Lillia raised her index fingers and crossed them in an X.

“Good and evil are proving their existence by referring to each other. If there was no good, would you know what evil is? Conversely, because there is evil, the concept of good becomes clearer.”

“Hmm, it seems that the two conflicting concepts support each other’s reality.”

"That's right. Mages call this the number of the law.”

“The number of the law?”

“Every number has a meaning. At first there would be nothing. or infinite The number representing it is 0. Then something comes into existence with its own name, such as Good, Evil, Dante, and Lyria. That's 1. That is why the name of the caster must be included in the seal.”

“Hmm, it’s a proper name. Then what about 2?”

“The reason you couldn't define good and evil is because you saw good and evil as 1 each. But if you combine good and evil and create the concept of 2, that becomes the law.”

Lillia spread her three fingers and continued.

“Lyria is 1, Law is 2. Therefore, 3 is the number of finding the perfect self in the law. In the sanctuary, this is called the Trinity. Of course, it is difficult to reach the perfect trinity.”

Lillia's fingers interlocked to draw a triangle.

“Everything in this world starts with the number 3. This is the number of the law. It is the true intention of the Akhaenis Shrine and the first hwadu given to the ancestral priest.”

By using the number of the law, all the principles of the universe can be expressed.

It was like Dante saving the world with 0s and 1s.

And this was the insight of the mages.

Lyria continued.

“The seal is different from the magic circle. Those who have not refined their minds through endless discipline will never be able to confine evil. That's why it's a spiritual power. Of course, for that reason, it is not recognized in the academic world.”

Organizing his thoughts, Dante nodded.

"I understand. So what am I going to do from now on?”

“I think I'll need help in case the disaster materializes with necromantic sorcery. Once materialized, it will affect reality. You also set up a magic circle and protect me if I ever get into danger. There's no need to save me, but it's deadly if the spell breaks before it's sealed. How long will it take to prepare?”

“Hmm, not much. Do you think we can start now?”

When Lyria looked at her curiously, Dante smiled.

“I don’t like large magic circles. I mainly use the instant magic circle.”

Lyria nodded her head obediently.

The instant magic circle had the flexibility to deal with unforeseen situations even though its power was low.

In fact, the priests also exorcised horses with improvised stick margins when the situation was not favorable.

"okay. Then we will begin.”

As Lyria knelt down and prepared to pray, Dante took a step back and prepared for what was to come.

“Aura hovering in the air, I bind your hands with chains of holy power. hang in place turn around Substance is dedicated, and all a thousand masks will be removed.”

Lyria's prayer continued endlessly.

It strengthens the will of the entity and puts pressure on the non-entity. Speaking the will through the mouth and increasing the intensity was similar to the verbal command.

At the end of the magician's signature, the necromantic marriage ceremony unfolded.

“In the name of Lyria, I command you to reveal the truth.”

Dante expanded the spirit zone and prepared for battle.

Nothing happened for a minute after that.

However, since Lyria was still in the posture of prayer, she did not relax.

After a while, I felt the ground shake.

The width of the vibration was not great, but the radius was enormous. Snow was falling like dust from the ice queen's castle in the distance.

'Sheesh! If you want to come out, come and see me.'

Dante surrounded himself with a defensive magic circle.

As time passed, the vibrations gradually got stronger. However, there was still no sign of reality appearing.

“Huh… … !”

A moan escaped from Lyria's mouth.

I was pushing something into reality with all my might, to the point of squeezing out even a drop of my spirit.

Suddenly the scenery flashed blue. And finally, a gigantic electric grid stretched across the night sky.

Dante raised his head with a tired expression.

Even at a glance, it was not a network made by humans, but a form made up of unspecified connections between charges.

“Huh!”

Lyria let out a rough breath as she bounced her upper body.

Dante was at a loss. Is that the reality of the disaster? If so, should I fight?

No, how the hell do you fight something like that?

"what? You have to tell me to move.”

Lyria shook her head with a sorrowful expression.

“I was mistaken. That's not a demon. A pure psyche.”

“Cerebral body? Please explain to me.”

“It has a neutral will that is not biased towards either side. It cannot be sealed in this state. But they seem to be absorbing the laws of this place quickly.”

Dante observed the exchange of signals through a network of electromagnetic nets.

As the patterns increased exponentially, the sky was gleaming with blue light.

'Damn it, what the hell is this?'

No two patterns were the same.

It was proof that the entropy of the information the law was learning was extremely low.

How could that be?

The brain of a newborn baby is not so active. This is because learning about nature has already been done at the genetic level.

“… … not of this world I'm from another place.”

There was no other way to explain it other than that.

To the cerebral body, the information collected here would be of a high quality, equivalent to state secrets in terms of human beings.

Lyria didn't know about entropy. But to some extent she had thoughts similar to Dante's.

If the mental body were from this world, it could not have been born in such a pure neutral state.

“Then we have to seal it all the more now! If left alone, it will quickly absorb the evil of this world! I’ll try the stick margin!”

The moment Lyria knelt down again, a sound like scratching an iron plate with her fingernails was heard from the sky.

As the sharp sound found its own frequency, it created bizarre sound waves that humans could not produce.

"I am… … who?”

Dante's face became serious.

The question of who am I means that I have a self.

So what will happen next?

Before I could organize my thoughts, a simple yet blind shockwave with no personality pierced me to the ground.

"Shit!"

Dante installed a defensive magic circle where Lyria was.

The shockwave from the cerebral body crashed into the ground with tremendous density and spread out in a ring, creating a strong wind.

Dante was blown away by a strong wind.

“Dante!”

Surprised, Lyria ran to Dante.

The cerebral body disappeared into the night sky as if it were running away, but I couldn't even think of chasing after it.

“Dante! Dante! Come to your senses!”

Tears welled up in Lyria's eyes.

It was he himself who attracted Dante. Also, he accurately fulfilled his promise to protect himself until the end of the pay margin.

Dante was put in danger by mistaking the identity of the enemy from the beginning.

If something goes wrong, it's all your fault.

“Aw, that’s the head. I was surprised.”

At that moment, Dante raised his upper body and touched his hair.

Lyria looked at him with a blank expression.

“Dante, are you okay?”

“Huh, that’s why instant magic circles are so good.”

Dante spread his palms. A gold coin-sized defensive magic circle was engraved with blue light.

At the moment of crisis, he rescued the defensive magic circle in the shortest time and split the shock wave.

Lilia finally understood the situation.

However, it was questionable whether that was possible in the moment when there was not even a second to spare.

The strength drained from her body, and she collapsed from the position she was standing on and hit her buttock.

“Ha, that’s good. Sorry. Do you know how surprised I was when I thought you were dead?”

“If I was going to die this much, I would have died a hundred times more. What the hell is that anyway? How can the cerebral body make a shockwave?”

Lyria regained her composure and rose from her seat.

“Perhaps it is the law. I think it was a defensive instinct that suddenly popped out as I developed an ego.”

“The law? How can you use the law to produce such monstrous destructive power? It was almost magically powerful.”

Mages who use the law reinforce the opposite concept to pressure the concept they want to attack.

Therefore, if magic artificially distorts the phenomenon, it can be said that the law distorts the phenomenon according to the order of nature.

That's why it's true that it's not tied to the equivalent exchange, but its physical power is inferior to that of magic.

“Perhaps it is a law that transcends human boundaries. In terms of 'the number of laws', if humans accept the law as 2, it is 1 for him. Because it was the law from the beginning. It would have been just a cerebral body for close to eons. Since such a being has materialized, the intensity of the law has no choice but to be different.”

“That's why the information entropy was remarkably low. If it exists here, there's no way it hasn't appeared until now. Anyway, the lower the entropy, the faster the change will happen.”

Even if he was unfamiliar with information entropy, Lilia had the same thoughts in terms of lack of time.

“That's the problem. We need to catch it ASAP. Since it has materialized, it will surely turn into something that will destroy the world.”

"but… … Are you still in the early stages? There is no guarantee that it will necessarily turn evil.”

Lyria firmly shook her head.

“It is not possible for Poriter to see all the calamities in the world. But once you see the future, it's never wrong. He said it was a being that would bring about the end. I assure you, that cerebral body will eventually become evil.”

“Hmm, that’s right. but… … He wouldn't have known that there was something here unless he was a potter. OK, so what do we do now?”

Lyria was about to say something, but looked at Dante.

There were things that had to be corrected before starting the rites in earnest.

“But you… … You are really strong. To be honest, I didn’t expect much help just because I was a student.”

“What, all of a sudden? Even if you don't say that, I'll help you, so don't worry and tell me the plan."

“No, I mean it. As a member of the Spirit Society, I came to perform numerous exorcism work. I fully understand how powerful the shockwave from earlier was. If it wasn't for you, I wouldn't have made it this far. I would like to express my gratitude on behalf of the Achaeans who follow goodness.”

Lillia politely put her palms together and bowed her head.

But Dante didn't even care.

Awesome, thank you, these expressions have been heard so many times since I was young, now I'm going to have a yawn.

“Okay, so that’s okay. What are you going to do now? Since it has already materialized, is it a spirit soul? Wouldn’t that be useless too?”

“This is a cradle for a newborn cerebrate. I can't leave easily Of course, it's not a situation to relax.”

“Hmm, would you rather go outside and ask for help? No one believed in it before, but now you can see the existence of disasters with your own eyes, right?”

Lyria shook her head with a sad expression.

"late. After going to the city, everything will be over. If the mental body enters the stage of intellectual thinking, I can't hold it.”

---------------------------------------