[752] The Temple (3)

* * *

The Republic of Eamond was divided into north and south 200 years ago and is still fighting fierce wars.

In particular, North Eymond is an extremely closed society under the reign of terror of the dictator Igor.

It is the only country that did not follow the will of the Ivory Tower, and even after the altar was opened, no country knew about the post-mortem process.

'The whole village is a military base.'

Syrone, who had arrived in North Eymond three days earlier, was heading south along the mountains near the capital.

After departing from the Ivory Tower, he sealed the altars through seven countries, but there was no result in Eamond.

The residents of this place terribly dislike interference from other countries, and showed a fighting spirit, willing to commit suicide attacks when they found strangers.

'Aren't you really brainwashed?'

It's impossible to brainwash more than 20 million people with magic, but looking at them, I even thought of that.

Another problem other than the difficulty of access was that there was no way to use the Terra Force channel after entering North Eamond.

The people trusted no one but Igor, and were not allowed to believe.

'I have to sleep in the mountain again today.'

All human habitation areas are being used as military installations, so we had no choice but to camp.

'Material.'

The final evolution of Armand, which accepted the light of Yahweh, was able to embody all the materials that exist in the world.

“Sleeping bags, tableware, toiletries… … .”

As the molecular structures realized by the battery combined with omnipotence, objects appeared in front of Sirone one by one.

Lastly, Sirone, who realized the firewood, murmured as she remembered the light of Yahweh.

“Light it up.”

The firewood suddenly heated up, and a torch came up and delivered warmth.

It's deep in the mountains, so patrols won't come, but I didn't forget to cast a welcome spell in case of an emergency.

“Whoa, I’m tired.”

Sitting with her back leaning against the trunk of a tree, Sirone gazed at the twinkling stars beyond the leaves.

'… … Where is this?'

Although Sirone has returned from the infinite realm, the question that humans have had since time immemorial has not been resolved.

'Let's not think about it for the time being.'

As long as I was holding on, it was time to focus on human affairs.

Sirone took out a letter from her bosom.

'By the way, looking for a needle in the desert... … .'

To my dear Sirone, it was a letter written in Uorin's handwriting that began with .

Sirone read it with her eyes.

First of all, congratulations. You have become a star in the ivory tower.

I want to run to you right now and hug you, but I'm sorry I can't.

It was a phrase that tickled my face no matter how many times I read it.

If it's my request, I think you'll listen.

It was a change of attitude like Uori-down.

could you come to me right now? It's urgent.

Sirone also read this sentence for the first time and thought about it for a long time because he received a lot of help from Urin.

But if there are circumstances where that is not possible, that is, if you cannot meet me for personal reasons... … .

He seemed to be aware of Sirone's situation, where he shouldn't add the weight of emotions to anyone.

There is an item I want you to find on your journey to seal the altar.

It's for humanity.

It doesn't matter how long it takes, but you must find it.

If it was a request of this kind, Sirone would have been able to grant it.

From now on, I will tell you about the future I predict.

Mitochondrial Eve.

Although there is no sub-event that can be compared with past events, Uorin had another ability called future vision.

Sirone speculates that it is by looking at the timeline, and it appears extremely rarely even in the history of the many Theraze.

It was also the reason why the ancestor, Theraze Mystra, killed numerous daughters and made Uorin his direct descendant.

Just like the north, south, east and west of space, this world will expand in the future with four huge directions.

Sirone examined the cross drawn in an easy-to-understand diagram.

Emptiness and love were written in the north and south, and good and evil were written in the east and west.

I call it 'The Compass of the Law'.

In the future, all beings will stand at a point where these four directions are combined.

In a world where good and evil were everything, another direction was created to escape up and down.

At the center of the compass of the law is a human being who suffers and suffers endlessly, losing direction.

Mikea Gaold.

If you're extreme, you're extreme.

I can predict that you will not come to me because you keep the law of benevolence.

Even if it is not a future time, if you use the compass of the law, you can guess the principle of the world.

In the East, this is called Yin-Yang-do or Juyeok.

And, of course, there is Miro as a representative of the polar line.

Because he inherited the will of Fermi's mother, Yolgah.

By the time you get the letter now, Miro will have already implemented the Zion Project.

In a word, it lit the torch of good.

Now you know what I want to say.

From this point on, Uorin's handwriting began to gain strength.

According to the compass of the law, sooner or later... … It is assumed that the atrocities will appear in the present world.

Because good and evil refer to each other.

Even if you and I are close to each other, the confrontation between good and evil is another matter. Even the slightest tilt to either side would swept away countless people who belonged to the compass of the law.

It was going to be a fight between the four pies that divided the law into equal parts, who could eat more.

Shion is already using her capabilities to the fullest.

At this point, I decided that it would be difficult to drive the atrocities, so I came up with a new method.

Sirone took a long breath and read the next sentence.

Use evil to eliminate atrocities.

Even if it was Sirone's individual, I didn't feel particularly thrilled because there was no courtship of good or evil to Yahweh.

That's important from now on.

Once you have it in your head, cut out and destroy this part.

Kindly even drew a perforated line, but Sirone, who uses materials, could restore it at any time.

The letter I am reading now was like that.

The object you need to find is a dagger named <Swordsman>, known as an S-class object.

Like the Armand I gave you, it is known as the strongest object among weapons.

Sirone burst out laughing when he saw the underlined 'I gave it to you'.

Are you thinking like this? Isn't it normal that such an object should have already been in the hands of a wealthy person?

answer.

Fortunately, that's not the case.

Maybe this is more difficult, but no one knows where the <law killing> is.

because… … because no one is looking

Since then, Sirone has also been curious.

Then I'll give you a hint. Once you know what weapon it is, you'll be able to trace its route.

First of all, <Slaughter> is a very dangerous weapon. Because that dagger must kill something.

It was an objet that had no choice but to do so.

how do you kill kill by law

For example, if I hold the <Sword Slayer> and think of the person I really want to kill and put my strong desire into it, my will will dwell in the dagger.

It was creepy.

That's it.

Once the will dwells in the dagger, the dagger must kill its target under any circumstance, even against the law.

At first, I didn't quite understand.

For example, let's say I have <Slaughter> and I have the will to kill person A.

The ways are infinite.

Perhaps one day one of my ladies-in-waiting will steal the <slaughter>. Then you'll get hit by a wagon.

A person walking down the street picks up <The Law Slaughter> again. Then, he was pickpocketed, and after endlessly changing the law, he finally ended up in the hands of the innkeeper where A was staying.

The owner was cleaning the room while looking at the <Law>, but unfortunately he went in by mistake and went into the room where person A was taking a nap.

As I approached to look at him for a while, A stumbled upon the alcohol bottle that A dropped last night and fell forward... … .

Sirone turned to the next page.

In the end, <Skills> is precisely implanted in the heart of person A without a single error.

It was the operation of the law that was impossible without every situation being calculated from the beginning.

I've read it several times, but I couldn't help but feel a chill run down my spine whenever I passed this passage.

“It’s crazy.”

It was a word that came out of my head because I knew how objects were made.

who the hell

How powerful is it that such a ridiculous object can appear in the world because it contains the intent to kill?

As if having a conversation beside her, Uolin wrote the answer right away in the letter.

The reason why I dare to ask you to find <Slaughter the Law> is because the original owner of the object is Mirak Minerva, Oh Dae-seong of the Ivory Tower.

The shock Shirone received at the time was considerable.

When I found out that the star of the ivory tower was the owner of <Law Slaughter>, I wanted to ask Louver, but after reading the letter, I couldn't bear to look for her.

It was about 700 years ago that Minerva became known as the Archwitch.

At the time, I was also active as a witch, so I met her a few times.

Of course, it was the experience of the predecessor, and after this point, a huge empire called Kashan was established.

I'm an unhappy person

If Theraze is to the point of being unhappy... … .

She wasn't a witch to begin with, but maybe she eventually became one.

There are things you can learn by observing human life beyond the lifespan. that in the end it has to be that way.

Because she's a woman, because she's beautiful, because she has a mole under her eye, because a certain part of her personality, because the trend of the times is like that.

If reality is nothing more than a number of combinations, in the end, the future just flowed according to the wheel of the law.

Veron of the Council of the Ten Lords has left with the ultimate experiment on this matter, but it is not yet time to confirm the results.

If free will really exists, it should be able to destroy the future.

So now I'll call it a curse.

Minerva was born that way. She wants to cry for no reason, she wants to bully her, and she wants to drive her into despair.

Since I was 10 years old, I have been entertained by officials from different countries. It must have been a terrible life.

Wu Lin was speechless.

A child without the ability to fight, the humiliation she endured became anger toward humans... … .

That was what made <Bob-Sal>.

* * *

Mercury Water Planet Mirak.

The planet, which was directly gifted by Taeseong, was not inhabited and consisted only of water.

A huge full moon filling the sky.

At the center of the great moon that tempted the witch, Minerva sat on her broom, lost in thought.

It was a little girl of ten.

“… … .”

With the moonlight in her eyes, she held out her hand with a thin eye smile.

“I have to wipe my heart with moonlight.”

While caressing the moon like that, she put her hand on her chest and rubbed it down.

“You have to wipe it clean.”

Transparent tears fell into the sea.

"cleanly… … .”

As long as I don't close the world, the terrible wounds will never heal... … .

“I have to wipe it off.”

Minerva stroked her chest endlessly.

---------------------------------------