[251] System operation (4)

In fact, overflow is not a big deal.

In the eyes of the general public, he would look like a genius, but when he went to the Royal Magic School, it was full of kids like that.

It was the world of talent that you could be called a genius only if you stood out among them and went up from there again through fierce competition.

In any case, she couldn't do anything wrong since she had the job, so Olivia walked over to Dante with the smile that made so many students fall in love with her.

"hi? Are you Dante?”

Dante didn't even raise his head, let alone answer. Olivia looked down at her dark cloud-like gray hair. Thinking it wouldn't be easy, she sat down facing Dante and made eye contact with her.

The child was still staring at the grassy ground.

'What am I looking at?'

Olivia also bowed her head following Dante.

It was plain grass, unlikely to be buried with treasure or corpses.

As a result of persevering and relentless tracking, a trivial being hidden in the landscape was revealed.

It was a procession of ants.

'Are you interested in insects?'

Olivia asked Dante.

“Do you like ants?”

“… … .”

As expected, no answer came back. But Olivia did not urge.

Having raised students from as little as four to as many as over thirty years old, she knew how to respond to situations like this.

“I hate ants. It's gross. When they come home, they eat up even the expensive furniture.”

Olivia uttered meaningless words word for word.

“When I was young, I saw ants clinging to earthworm carcasses. wow From then on, I was afraid of ants. You know why, because the ants just climbed up on the body... … .”

“It’s not an ant.”

Dante was the first to speak.

Olivia smiled in repentance.

I don't know what kind of awakening brought overflow, but I'm still a child. As long as he said it first, he would not have been able to get it without confessing.

“You’re watching the channel.”

"channel?"

Dante pointed to one of the ants moving through the bush.

“This ant is 1011001. It's the name I gave it. The movement radius of this ant is 4 meters. They are patrols who go around the perimeter and check the territory.”

Olivia looked carefully.

I even gave it the name 1011001, but I couldn't find anything that distinguished it from other ants.

Dante pointed to the ant climbing the crooked grass.

“This ant is 1010111. I do vertical movements. It's a role to get on the pool and collect moisture. The same here at 1010101, and the same at 1101001.”

Olivia was perplexed. I couldn't tell if she was really memorizing the names of the ants, or if she was just making fun of adults by giving them names on the fly.

“Ants serve a purpose. Those ants come together to activate the whole. This is the channel.”

If Dante can read the channels, if he reads the flow, not the shape, then there is some possibility of distinguishing the names of the ants. 

But is it really possible? 

Strictly speaking, everything in the world is a channel. 

If the ant society could be dismantled into information units, there would be nothing in the world that could not be analyzed.

Olivia's vision was swarming with ants as her eyes adjusted to nature.

Now I see that the radius of 4 meters was a field of ants. 

I got goosebumps, but now I was more curious about Dante than disgust.

“So you can read the channel?”

Dante raised his head. Olivia could see Dante's face for the first time. 

was a pretty child One of her eyes was bruised from being beaten by her friends.

“It must have hurt a lot.”

"are you okay. I don't have to go to school anymore."

For most teachers, it is normal to placate the child and send him back to school. It would have been common sense in society to tell them not to run away and to fight proudly, even if they did not mention their semblance of sociality.

But Olivia did not convince Dante. This kid is special. The Archmage's touch said so.

“Why don’t you hang out with your friends? You said you didn't say a word?"

“If you can't convey anything, it's as if you didn't say anything. There was no reason to do it, so I just didn’t do it.”

Dante recalled that time and put on an expression of disgust.

“My friends talk a lot. But it's noise. Ants are different. They have one purpose. Even ants that seem aimless serve other purposes with it.”

Olivia was finally convinced of the overflow.

If you dig deeply into anything, a world completely different from common sense will open up.

Dante had entered that world too soon.

“This ant is 1010110, but it just follows 1010111. But it's very important. Because it's a channel. If no one follows 1010111, nothing gets delivered. If you look closely, most ants exist only to maintain channels. Very few ants do anything really special. Can you tell them apart?”

Olivia smiled shyly and shook her head.

No matter how brilliant she was, she couldn't distinguish the roles of all the members of the ant kingdom.

“If you look at it all day, you realize something interesting. That means all channels are connected. For example, this 1111 ant just follows the ant in front and maintains the channel. But surprisingly, it engages in almost every channel. If this ant doesn't exist... … .”

Dante lowered his index finger and pressed 1111. Olivia frowned. But after a while, she intuited a change in the ant society and opened her eyes wide.& nbsp;

As the ant matrix collapsed, they scattered in different directions. The spread and extension of the line to the plane meant that the channel became meaningless.

The boy watched the ant kingdom collapse with sparkling eyes. With a terrifyingly innocent smile.

Olivia was thrilled. The ant that Dante crushed was neither a soldier ant nor a special ant.

The system cannot collapse by subduing one ant.

No, I thought so until now. But Dante's actions were telling her common sense was wrong.

A blind spot in the invisible system.

All the variables that arise from subduing number 1111 are being calculated in Dante's head.

It was clear that Dante perfectly understood the system of the ant kingdom, which even ants did not know.

Dante looked up at Olivia and smiled.

“The Queen will starve to death.”

another sky (1)

Olivia smiled heartily as she looked at Dante's growth over the past 8 years.

“Dante has eyes that can read channels. And through training, it was further strengthened.”

With the door of Immortal Function closed, Sirone was busy avoiding the shelling. He had no time to think of anything else as a total of 86 mansions were constantly undergoing structural changes.

On the other hand, Dante, who entrusted the battle to the automaton, was relaxed. It seemed like it would be okay to just sit there and read a book.

'But I'll have to pay back what happened.'

Dante floated above the Pascal magic circle. As they moved forward slowly in such a state, hundreds of magic circles connected to Pascal rushed towards Sirone at the same speed.

It was as if the whole huge space had been moved.

Every time Sirone moved, magic poured out in all directions as if the muzzle was rotating.

Sirone felt like fighting an army. His huge armies were breaking through his Spirit Zone and breaking through.

Iruki's face twisted in horror.

'damn! How can such magic... … .'

I couldn't think of a way to counter Dante's system. Although not yet fatally wounded, it was inevitable that the automaton could not be avoided forever.

Sirone knew that too. But I have no choice but to do it. Also, it wasn't as completely impossible as Iruki thought.

'I have no choice but to try.'

Sirone assumed a possibility and plunged into Pascal's heart. Dante's mansion moved quickly and increased firepower, but the more it did, the faster the connection of teleportation.

You have to move.

It must be assimilated into Dante's channel.

As time passed, the students began to stir. It was a subtle detail that could not be confirmed with the naked eye, but I felt that Sirone's movements were interlocking with Dante's system little by little.

Nade jumped up and shouted.

"Teleportation! There was a way!”

Iruki also raised the corner of his mouth as if he had eaten a shot.

“Teleportation is information. It’s a strategy to blend into Dante’s system and disrupt it from within.”

The two-thousandth bracelet became even hotter. It was proof that Pascal, who was chasing Sirone's movements, was overloaded.

Shiina confirmed that as Sirone's movements became more complicated, Dante's mental strength gauge rapidly decreased.

'Are you saying we don't know the match yet?'

Alpheas let out a rough breath. He felt a slight shudder run down his spine.

'Dante's ability is mighty. But insight is also a terrifying talent that can rise to the top of the world.'

Sirone perfectly penetrated Pascal's weakness in a short period of time. Dante's automaton is perfect, but this is why the modifier of perfection cannot be applied to humans.

The only error of impeccable Pascal.

It was Dante.

“I want to pay tribute to Dante for the perfect design. but still young Compared to technology, mental strength is not keeping up.”

Olivia had no choice but to admit it. She wasn't unaware of Dante's weakness. No, could this be called a weakness?

Being young is not a sin.

It was clear that Dante would grow further in the future, and that someday he would reach a level where he could maintain Pascal for a long time.

But those facts were no excuse. Because the people who deal with Dante are also in the same position.

Above all, Dante's durability never dropped compared to his peers.

The only thing Dante misunderstood in this confrontation was that the opponent was Sirone, who was unrivaled in durability.

'perhaps… … Maybe I met you too early.'

It was regrettable that one of them, Sirone and Dante, had to bear the yoke of defeat.

'No, everyone is the same. Because there is no such thing as the right time.'

It was a confrontation that had already taken place, and time could not be turned back. Also, when analyzed coolly, Dante's win rate was still over 70%.

Pascal could only be maintained for about 10 minutes, but it was unreasonable for Sirone to last more than 5 minutes in Dante's system.

said Olivia.

“Even so, you won't be able to defeat Dante. It's not that I'm ignoring Sirone, but the rarity of talent is different. Sirone doesn't have the means to destroy Dante's system.”

Alpheas couldn't refute. From his point of view, Sirone had no advantage yet.

But even so, he was a child who made me look forward to it.

'There must be something I don't know, Sirone?'

Sirone flew over the whole area 2,000 times. In the process of avoiding Dante's fire, he was struck by countless spells, but each time he paid the price of failure, he immediately made a change.

Iruki was the first to realize and said.

"done. It went in perfectly.”

At first nobody understood. However, after 10 seconds, the students started whispering with surprised expressions.

In the battlefield where firepower of infinite fire was pouring in, Sirone was wandering freely. It was as if whenever he moved, the mansion would automatically get out of the way.

Of course, it was just an optical illusion because there was no link between Sirone and Pascal's movements. However, there was only one case where this happened.

"Sirone reads the automaton's pattern perfectly."

---------------------------------------