[580] Probability of R (3)

"ah… … .”

Sirone and the others finally realized.

"okay? Another probability hidden in R. If we use this, we can perform more powerful probability manipulation than Hercy.”

“… … You will think.”

Hersey smiled.

“Scrumble Royale with 30 years of history. Because it is an unwritten rule to never reveal hidden rules after a confrontation is over.”

“But how did you know?”

Hersey rubbed her thumb and forefinger.

"money. Do you think guys who have been in school for decades and have been graduating from unwritten rules won't care? Especially among those who lead the study group in the shadows, there are many open class. There are alcohol, gambling, women, and drug addicts. I gave it a little bit, so it swelled up.”

"so… … Why are you telling us at this point?”

Hersie looked back at Frings, who was kneeling in the corner of the forest.

“I will not forgive you. let me avenge you I'll heat you up and drive you crazy I'll dig into the secret.”

In the figure muttering with 10 of his fingers wrapped in bandages, he couldn't find the previous intelligent energy.

'It's completely gone.'

In any case, there would come a time when his madness would also be needed.

“We need someone who can tactically manipulate the odds. Frings is like that, and Eden won't show up until the end. It's comforting that Caden will join us tomorrow.”

Fishaw asked.

“What am I supposed to do?”

“Collect as many scrambles as you can and give them to me. If you make infinite on the other side, the victory or defeat will be decided according to the following ranking. I will win in a match of defeat. The showdown is over in 2 days. From now on, focus rather than choice.”

“… … There is a high probability of using the strategy called.”

Iruki hit the palm with his fist.

“In other words, it is to end the game by concentrating the hand on Hercy. The total number of collectable cards is now one hundred and forty-four. You have to fight in it.”

said Dorothy.

“I will not lose to Fishaw. If Sabina holds it in check, she should be able to gather at a similar rate.”

Amy asked.

“Then what is our strategy against Hercy’s strategy?”

Iruki said with a smile.

“Distributes the hand as much as possible.”

No one objected.

* * *

the next morning.

A visitor came to the Aramones Orphanage located on the outskirts of Baska, the capital.

Children who were planting sweet potatoes in a small vegetable garden noticed a young man in a neat suit and stopped what they were doing.

“Hello, little boy?”

"who are you?"

The young man looked around without answering.

"It's still here."

A middle-aged woman in her early 40s who was gardening with her children slowly stood up.

“Fermi.”

“How are you, Rachel? Her beauty is still there.”

I appreciate the compliment, but it wasn't something I would hear from my friend's son.

“Why did you come here?”

“Does coming home matter? Is it 14 years?”

Fermi, who lost his mother, had to stay in an orphanage for a while due to family circumstances.

“Come in at once.”

Fermi smiled at the children and went into the nursery.

“That uncle is very handsome.”

"huh. But something... … scared."

When I entered the room, Rachel served tea.

“I thought you would never come again.”

“Is there anything you won’t be able to do? It was already 14 years ago.”

Rachel spoke hastily.

“Fermi, what happened that day… … .”

"That's Okay. I already forgot. You don't have to feel guilty. Because I was the one who seduced you.”

Rachel's face turned red.

"this… … Take it.”

Fermi pulled a check from his inside pocket.

“This is a check issued by the Central Bank of Tormia. Please write with confidence.”

Rachel's eyes were fixed on the amount.

'1 billion gold.'

She sighed and shook her head.

“Fermi, this is… … .”

“Take it. If the Yoga Foundation hadn't gone bankrupt, none of this would have been so difficult.”

The Yolga Foundation was a child welfare foundation founded by Fermi's mother, Yolgha.

“I can’t take it.”

"why? Maybe it's dirty money? Do not worry. It's a fair deal.”

- Director, this is a fair transaction.

The red lips of a nine-year-old boy are still vivid in my memory even now, 14 years later.

'Let's not think. I can't think of it.'

"sorry."

When Rachel looked up, Fermi was looking at her with clear eyes.

“I had no intention of hurting you. I am serious.”

It was just a light kiss for a nine-year-old.

However, the feelings at the time of allowing it became a lifelong trauma and were harassing Rachel.

"you… … Nothing has changed.”

When the deceased, or more precisely, the missing Yoga, was declared dead on paper, the orphanage she supported was also staggered.

At that time, the Ardino family was in such a precarious situation that they couldn't even set foot in the world, and Fermi also entered the nursery school in search of a place to hide.

Enormous debts, debt collectors who come every day and leave the orphanage, and the lure of a beautiful woman.

Rachel, who could not give up dozens of children, persevered, but eventually ran into a limit.

- Director, I'll get you some money.

At first, I couldn't help but laugh at the bold voice of a nine-year-old kid.

I thought I was hungry for love.

A great mother named Yolgah had been lost overnight, and Rachel, a new mother, had to share her attention with dozens of children.

'Fermi was a special child.'

Even the grown-up Rachel was stunned when she witnessed her unapproachable intelligence, insight, and ability to understand the world.

Maybe that's why it was more buried.

I think you will depend on it.

-I earned 1 gold.

Rachel's eyes widened when she saw the gold the nine-year-old had brought.

-You, where did you get this?

- I earned it.

- Be honest! Where did you steal it from? No matter how poor you are, if you steal from others... … !

- I really earned it. won't you get it?

Rachel gritted her teeth as she faced the money to feed all the orphanage students.

- Shall I pay you back, Director?

-what?

- I mean debt. Shall I pay you back?

Rachel, free from flashbacks, looked at Fermi.

Looking at the expression full of confidence and the mysterious composure that seems like nothing is impossible in the world, an old friend comes to mind.

'How can it be so similar to Yolgah?'

-If I pay off the debt, be my very own Rachel.

- What are you talking about, Fermi? I always tell you... … .

-I don't need dozens of brothers.

Rachel shut her mouth.

- I just need someone to love me.

It was a transaction that started out of curiosity.

I was not insane.

Six months later, Fermi paid off the orphanage's debt of 12 million gold.

No one still knows how he made his fortune.

“Fermi, I’m sorry.”

said Rachel, crying.

"I am… … I cannot be your mother.”

Fermi's expression hardly changed, but the eyebrows seemed to rise only slightly, towards the brow.

"i know."

said Fermi, who rose from his seat.

“Build a foundation with this money. Please protect the dream that my mother couldn’t achieve.”

Rachel jumped to her feet as she dropped the check and headed for the door.

“Fermi.”

"Do not worry."

He opened the door and slowly turned his head.

“… … It will never come again.”

After closing the door and walking down the same hallway as 14 years ago, I headed for the shabby exit, where the children were waiting.

“Mister, who are you? He’s the one who came to harass our director!”

“Surely it will. Your eyes are torn apart, and you look just like the debtor who came last time!”

Fermi asked.

“Do you guys like the director?”

"of course! The director is the mother of all of us!”

- Fermi! The director is the mother of all of us!

Hearing the voice from 14 years ago, Fermi slowly reached out his hand.

The child did not move until a shadow fell over his face.

With a chin, Fermi raised his head and sat down to meet at eye level.

“Now, buy something delicious with this.”

It was a small silver coin.

I couldn't hide the feelings of conflict and said in a voice that the child was dying.

"Oh, I can't accept this. I'm scolded by the director."

“It’s okay, it’s a fair deal. So take this and make one promise.”

Putting a silver coin in the child's hand, Fermi said.

“When things are hard, you must protect Director Rachel.”

If that was the case, the children shouted in unison as if they were confident.

"Sure! I will scold all the bad guys who bullied you when you grew up quickly!”

"okay."

Fermi left the nursery school with a smile on his eyes.

He raised his head and saw a clear, cloudless sky in his gaze, and Yoga's face shimmered.

'Mother, is this enough?'

Fermi's face twisted grotesquely, and hatred filled his eyes.

'This is the beginning of revenge.'

* * *

At noon, the 6th day scramble royale began.

Now, the two teams' actions were agile and prudent, as the outcome would depend on how the remaining 144 combinations were played.

Fisho's insect magic was the fastest in scramble collection speed, but while Sabina kept him in check, Dorothy struggled to somehow get the ratio to 5:5.

'Nade didn't come.'

Sirone's mind wandered everywhere in search of Eden.

'I didn't even leave the battlefield. What the hell happened?'

Based on MasterCard's current status, it was clear that Nade had won one scramble.

Doing an arbitrary act without telling your friends means that there has been a mental change.

Iruki told him to leave it alone for a while, but it was just frustrating for Shirone, who didn't know what was going on.

'found! Scramble!'

Nade's thoughts were erased from his head once he saw the sparkling scramble in the distance.

At the same time, the bushes were split and Eden appeared.

“You don’t know how to give up.”

She was still naked and the Master Card was nowhere to be seen.

'Kang can't bet.'

Eden shook his head as he launched the photon cannon without even having time to feel relieved.

“I should have said that, right? As long as God protects me, no one can harm my body.”

“Is it really so?”

As soon as the photon cannon was fired, Sirone, who cast teleportation, hurriedly snatched Scrumble.

'Sheesh, she doesn't even care.'

Seeing him not even blinking even after being hit by a photon cannon made me even more frustrated.

'But it's rather comfortable if it comes out like this.'

After casting Elysion, Sirone concentrated Ataraxia against the sky.

As if invincibility was something like this, she didn't even pay attention to where Sirone was, just looking straight ahead.

'I can't shock you, but... … .'

Sirone, who intricately entangled Eden's entire body with a shining chain, threw her into the sky.

When I canceled the time division and concentrated my mind with all my might, the ataraxia in the sky began to accumulate at an unbelievable speed.

Even in the midst of that, Eden was just waiting for the next moment as if he was sleepy in a state of chains.

“God, I believe in your existence.”

At the same time as her prayer began, Ataraxia began to rotate while emitting a brilliant light.

'Immortal Function!'

Raising her mental power to the limit, Sirone compressed the photon cannon above the top of her head.

The Eden, Ataraxia, and Photon Cannons were connected in a straight line and aimed precisely, and Sirone's molars were firmly closed.

'If it's the sky, I don't have to worry about power!'

At the same time as he thought, a thick flash penetrated Ataraxia.

Eden's eyebrows wriggled for the first time in front of the light that surged with tremendous amplifying power, but even that was buried in the flash and disappeared.

'It started!'

Everyone who participated in Scramble Royale stopped their movements in the same way and opened their mouths as they looked at the huge pillars reaching into the sky.

---------------------------------------