[594] Time Cube (1)

<event coordinates>

Time: 1 hour 57 minutes.

Space: Warehouse #9 in Estas.

'No one has come yet.'

Anchal, who looked inside, sat down on the control device of Istas and flicked his feet nervously.

It was said that if time circulated infinitely, the person who operated the engine device would also come here again.

"this!"

Ahnchal, who had thought that far, realized one overlooked fact.

If the current incident in this room was already in the time zone when Istas was moved, no one would visit this place.

'Because the case has already been twisted.'

Anchal, who thought he needed to be checked, strode toward the doorway, but Sirone opened the door roughly and entered.

“Sirone?”

“Anchal!”

Sirone ran as soon as he saw her.

“Are you still waiting here?”

“No, we have arrived. What happened?"

Sirone bit her lip and walked to the controls.

“Failed. Cases keep changing and I can't stop it.”

"What are you talking about?"

Anchal, who had come to this place after breaking up with Sirone, did not understand anything.

"damn! What can I do? What should I do... … .”

The act of operating the engine device without hesitation was not something he had done once or twice.

When Istas vibrated, the eyes hurriedly dried up.

"what are you doing? You said it would be dangerous to twist the case.”

“Everyone dies anyway!”

Sirone shouted out loud.

“You have to go back. I… … .”

“Tell me what happened. I haven't come across any incidents yet.”

Sirone turned her head with a miserable expression.

"My mistake. I didn't mean to make Yoga meet Miro in the first place.”

"what?"

It was still incomprehensible to Anchal.

* * *

“There it is.”

Sirone referred to the equation of Estas and arrived at the Supernatural Psychic Research Society.

When I opened the door and entered, the gerffin's door activated by Fermi stood tall.

'Has Mr. Miro not come yet?'

“Sirone.”

Then Miro's voice came from outside the door.

<event coordinates>

Time: 1 hour 48 minutes.

Space: Supernatural Psychic Research Society.

Before Syrone could speak, Yoga stepped out.

“Miro, do you really have to go this far? What is there to fight between you and me?”

“You know that the conversation is over, right? If you get in my way again, even unnie will have no choice but to use her hand.”

Yoga's companions snorted.

“Do we look like hot pants? If you insist, you will die.”

“The crap is gone. I'm talking to Yolgah.”

Edgar's face turned red at the maze's provocation, and the mechanical arm reciprocated the cylinder with a roar.

“You want to do it now?”

Edgar jumped out.

“I always didn’t like it! I will kill you right now!”

The moment Miro radiated the incarnation of Kannon, Sirone intervened.

“Get out of the way, kid!”

As Armand's robes fluttered, the tentacles swung at high speed.

"what!"

Kakakakakang!

Edgar's mechanical arm covered his body like a shield, causing an afterimage.

It was blocked, but it was pushed to the spot where the 2-meter giant was standing.

“Big!”

The trembling was transmitted through the metal arm.

“Edgar, are you okay?”

Mustang asked without taking his eyes off Sirone.

“That guy is no ordinary bet.”

Sirone drew in her tentacles and said.

“Yolga, you promised.”

"is it so. I will keep my promise.”

Miro snorted.

“Sirone, don’t listen to Yolgah. You will lose yourself.”

On the one hand, Miro's words were understandable, but if he didn't do this, he would perish.

“You know. The results are already distorted. If Mr. Miro can convince Mr. Yolga, he will kill himself.”

Only then did Miro's expression become serious.

It was clear that she was not lying, for she was the one who knew Yoga's personality better than anyone else.

“Then can I join in too?”

When Sirone turned to the door at the familiar voice, Fermi came in from beside Miro.

"you… … .”

The moment Syrone was about to speak, Yoga asked.

“Who are you?”

It was an instinctive attraction, and even Fermi's eyes flickered for a moment.

“I am a merchant. Money smells bad here.”

However, he did not reveal his identity.

I didn't open the upper part of Istas just to have a mother-and-child reunion out of sentimentality.

What really matters is the present and the future, not the past.

He was the one who could most calmly confirm what had happened in this space and this time.

'Coldly. Calmly.'

"nice to meet you. It's called Yoga.”

“I am familiar with fame.”

After shaking hands, Fermi said goodbye to Edgar, Nine, and Mustang, whom he called Uncle and Aunt when he was young.

“You look like Fermi.”

Mustang's murmurs had bones, but Yolgha only smiled.

“You don’t have to talk nonsense.”

Miro said, resolutely widening the distance.

“No deal. If you interfere with our mission, we will kill you.”

“Miro, this is not like you.”

As Yoga approached, the incarnation of Avalokitesvara stretched out dozens of arms to block the approach.

“Yolga, you have to understand me. I'm sorry I followed you here, but I still can't stop.”

“Your actions will eventually lead to ruin for everyone. The Adrias family and the Ardino family.”

Yolgha had already foreseen future events.

“You said there was a reason for that. I'll follow in Guffin's footsteps and guard the Wall. That's it for now.”

“No reason can precede the result. I'll take care of it. I don't know what the problem is, but I'll fix it."

“I wouldn’t do this if it was a problem that could be solved.”

“Then speak!”

Yoga exclaimed.

“What is that child? Why does Guffin want to leave? Why doesn't he tell me?”

"sorry."

Miro could not tell Yoga.

“Just die.”

The incarnation of Thousand Hands Guanyin swelled up enormously and struck down Yoga.

The floor shook with a bang, and Yoga's scattered allies drew their weapons.

“Attack the maze!”

"no it's okay."

Miro's eyebrows twitched at Yoga's voice.

Vanya - Holy Mary.

Yoga, without moving a single step, received the bombardment of the Thousand Arms Guanyin that ignored time and space.

'This is my mother's... … .'

Fermi looked up at the incarnation revealed above Yolga.

A beautiful woman with only her face and torso raised her head to the ceiling.

Seeing her eyes closed, tears of blood flowing, and the chain gag tied to her mouth, you could tell how far down she could take the world.

'it's annoying.'

Even to Miro, Yoga was a good person.

However, it would not be an exaggeration to say that the incarnation of Saint Mary, who absorbs any shock when encountered as an enemy, is the toughest in the world.

“It’s a maze.”

Yoga said with sincerity.

"Please. Trust my judgment just this once.”

Miro's expression wrinkled even more as Yoga put her hands on her knees and bowed her head deeply.

“Because of this… … .”

The incarnation of Guanyin became even more gigantic.

'Sister says no!'

Thousand Hands Guanyin-Strike.

Yoga's body shook from the violent attacks coming from all sides, and even thicker tears of blood flowed from Saint Mary's eyes.

“Because I want to see you!”

Nine grabbed his sword and charged toward the maze.

"joy! It's not like... … .”

Just as Miro was about to strike back, Sirone flew in and struck Nine.

As the four tentacles hit the sword in succession, Nine's body slammed into the wall.

“Keugh!”

“Breaking promises is unacceptable.”

As if touching a baton, Edgar jumped at Sirone.

“You fool! Miro attacked first!”

The swordsman's scheme of charging with metal fists was outstanding, and Edgar's figure disappeared in an instant in front of Sirone's eyes.

'I can find Armand!'

When Armand turned around after delivering the image contained in the retinal afterimage, the afterimage of dozens of fists flying at the same time was seen.

Kakakakakang!

He hit the robe, and Edgar's eyes went wide when the metal exploded.

“What the hell is this!”

Protecting herself with Ringer's upper, Sirone stepped back and compressed the Photon Cannon.

There was no time to be surprised by the sphere of light that expanded as if it were about to explode.

“Oohhh!”

Edgar swung both arms to deflect the photon cannon, but realized it the moment it hit.

'Such ignorant... … !'

Light has physical power.

And even with such power that his own arms could be shattered.

Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

Edgar's body pushed up to the wall was hidden by the haze created by the flash of light and disappeared.

“Big!”

Edgar reappeared, completely crouching down, hiding his entire body behind his forearms.

Just by looking at his trembling figure, it was possible to gauge the amount of power that went into him.

'Edgar was pushed out of power?'

That was Mustang's impression, but Yoga's reaction was a little different.

“… … Guffin?”

Miro looked startled and met Yolgha's eyes.

The outstanding insight was to alternately look at the child Miro held and Sirone, who reminded her of a guffin, and she solved the clue in an instant, and Yoga's eyes showed anger for the first time.

“Miro, you… … !”

“It was an unavoidable choice.”

"maze!"

At the same time Yoga cried out, Saint Mary's eyes flashed open and the chains were broken.

Then, two arms protruded from the shoulder, which only had a torso, and started to charge at the incarnation of Kannon.

Vanya-Pajam Maria.

Estas shook as Maria and the incarnation of Kannon collided.

"throw away! That kid is a ticking time bomb!”

“Sister, give up!”

Yolgha is such a good person that he cannot be angry without abandoning himself.

“Everybody back off!”

The moment Nine's words vomited, the surface of Pa Maria began to boil like lava.

“Explode! I'm going to blow them all up!”

The power of the countless lies that Yoga has accepted wholeheartedly in her life is equal to the intensity of evil in the world.

"sister! no!"

That's why Yoga came here.

'It has to be over. That child shouldn't exist!'

“Sirone!”

Miro threw the hexa and strengthened the incarnation of Kannon to the limit.

"Go through the Guffin's Gate!"

“Kuk!”

When Sirone stretched out her tentacles to receive Hexa, the child's body glowed and disappeared.

Transaction of depreciation - reverse teleport.

The highest-grade magic of the photon series that teleports the desired target to oneself.

The person who cast it was none other than Fermi, and Hexa was in his hand.

“Give me the child!”

“Hmm.”

Fermi, who was looking at the child, smiled meaningfully.

“Sirone, is this you?”

Seeing his eyes, Sirone's heart thumped.

“You, please… … .”

But the madness was short-lived, and he approached Yoga and held out a hexa.

“Well, I guess I need this.”

"ah… … .”

Vanya - Saint Mary.

Yoga's avatar closed her eyes, her mouth was again gagged with chains, and her arms disappeared from her shoulders.

Yoga, holding Hexa, knelt down.

'This child... … .'

break the laws of the universe

It is impossible to reach even with extreme insight what it will mean, but the moment humans rely on something more than human, the future disappears.

“Sister, you can’t do that.”

As everyone stared, forgetting the time, Hexa frowned and burst into tears.

Yoga's sobs were mixed with the child's cry that spread through the silence.

“How can a child… … .”

Still, Yoga is a good person.

"sister."

As Miro approached, a sharp chain scythe flew and struck Hexa on the crown.

---------------------------------------