[41] Another Genius (3)

I could tell what he meant by seeing you next time by seeing Etella grabbing her ear and dragging her down.

“Iruki! I said you will be punished if you do it one more time!”

“Ayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyous! I adjusted the device so it wouldn't break. You know, what happens if I make up my mind and explode.”

“This does not reflect! You're on probation for a week from today! Don't come to class!”

"Ahh! That is too harsh!”

Iruki cried, but didn't say he was wrong until the end. Rather, he looked back at Sirone and Nade and even laughed.

"ha! You end up committing it again. Sirone, sorry. I must go.”

Nade left first. Seirone was seized by a strong feeling and did not even know he had left. A lot of words were coming out, probably the same as the other students.

“Isn’t that kid great? The detonation reaction seems to happen faster than before. The explosive power is similar.”

"Anyway, since it's Servant Syndrome, the reaction formula must be calculated like crazy."

Sirone intervened.

“You mean a reaction that causes an explosion?”

"huh. I don't know much about detonation magic, but they say that the power of the explosion varies depending on how the reaction formula is calculated. It must be a similar concept to Ignite, the basis of fire magic.”

"I see. With that level of explosive power, there's no need to learn fire magic.”

"no. It's used differently from fire magic. First of all, fire magic is activated immediately. If Iruki's firepower is strong, it will take quite a while to detonate.  Well, reducing that reaction time is the detonation mage's homework, but I mean."

If Sirone's insight was specialized in teleportation, detonation magic was perfect for Iruki's superhuman calculation ability.

In particular, the advantage of detonation magic was that it could cause a bigger explosion than Spirit Zone. This is because magic only detonates, and the explosion itself is the result. In the end, it was a magic optimized for breakaway types, where the zone gets smaller as the distance increases.

'Mercodyne Iruki... … .'

As for the first impression, it was definitely as intense as an explosion.

* * *

I entered Class Five and took the first end-of-month evaluation. 

Sirone's average score is 41 points. It was still in the bottom ranks, but it raised 10 points in all subjects within a month.

When class was over, the students stretched and tidied up their desks. There were some children who went to the school cafeteria to fill their hungry stomachs, but most of them went to the study group in pairs.

Sirone, who doesn't have a study group, was going to stop by the library. The average score in the 40s was not satisfactory, but it was nice to see that the pace of putting flesh on the spine of knowledge has been accelerating lately.

“Hey, Sirone.”

A female student approached Sirone. In the corner of the classroom, her friends watched the reaction with interest.

"huh. Do you have anything to talk about?”

“I’ve discussed it with the kids, but would you like to join the study group? I'm researching material transfer magic, but I thought the achievement would be high if you came in. It is also related to the photonization theory.”

Although he came up to Class 5 and received offers from several groups, it was the first time he was in a research society that required his major.

'Hmm. Shall we try it?'

The items for evaluating students at school are divided into three major categories. 

Practical exam, theory exam, performance evaluation.

Performance evaluation is an assignment during vacation, and you can write a thesis on a free topic and submit it. However, since it can be replaced with a presentation of a research meeting, most students tend to finish it during the semester.

Shirone, wanting to save time, also looked for qualifications to join the research society, but eventually changed her mind.

Right now, I suggest it based on the value of the name, but I wasn't sure if I could match their level once the activity started.

“Um, what should I do? There is a field I am studying lately, but there are no results yet. I plan to focus on that for the time being.”

"Oh, I see. Then you can't.”

“I made an offer on purpose, but I’m sorry I turned it down.”

“Whoops, no. What are you sorry about? Let me know if you have any thoughts.”

Rather, the female student went back to her friends with consideration for Sirone. In fact, there were not many students who acted emotionally when they reached class five. Of course, there are eccentrics like Iruki.

Not long after the group of female students left the lecture room, a joyful laugh was heard from the hallway.

'Envy you. It's gonna be fun.'

A corner of Sirone's heart ached. He also had friends named Lian and Amy, but Lian was in a different field and Amy was in her senior year, so he was busy.

It is said that life is a lonely battlefield after all, but it was a very lonely feeling to have no comrades to be with while attending Class Five.

"uh? Sirone, are you leaving now? come with me."

Nade hugged his neck from behind. He was the one who ran to the end of the classroom.

The two of them went to the dormitory while talking about this and that. Most of the stories were topics that Sirone liked.

“The library is good, but there are quite a few specialized books in circulation at the research club. Come to think of it, why did you refuse earlier? It’s a pretty decent research club there.”

“I guess I just don’t have time.”

“Well, you should raise your theoretical grades first. I'm still envious I don't even have the will to do that."

Sirone laughed and said.

“You have so many friends. So, do you think it would be okay to join any study group?”

"What are you talking about. Of course, we already have a research group. What a chairman.”

"uh? really? I didn't know until now.”

Nade assumed that he would hate belonging to a certain group, so he didn't even ask. But was it the president?

“What kind of study group is it?”

"haha! In fact, it's an embarrassing research society to brag about. There are only two people including me.”

"uh? Isn't that below the minimum standard? The subsidy would have been cut off.”

The minimum number of study groups required by the school was three or more. This is because one person is singular, two people are plural, and three people are a group.

“My seniors graduated last semester. That's why I inherited the presidency. I'm not alone in worrying about it.”

“Ah, that’s right.”

There are numerous research groups in the school, but there were not many research groups with graduating class members. Moreover, the fact that they graduated meant that they were the best seniors in the school.

“If it’s okay, can I take a look?”

"really? I thought you weren't interested in the study group?"

“I have always been interested. But if I go in, it might be a nuisance, and I think I need to be careful when signing up.”

"ha ha ha! What are you talking about? Even if you say it's a study group, it's just that the kids study and play together. There is no need to feel any pressure.”

“Uhm, is that so?”

“Actually, I’ve been feeling this for a long time, but to be honest, you are difficult to approach. Why are people my age hitting, playing around, touching peppers, and playing around? Class 5 also has a dog class, but most of them date, so there are no bad guys. Be a little more comfortable with the kids. Of course, I'm not asking you to touch the pepper. ha ha ha!"

It was something that needed to be heard. Come to think of it, even in the case of Rihanna and Amy, they reached out first. 

As Sirone digs seriously again, Nade, who was watching him, shouted as if he had made up his mind.

"good! It's a feeling. This is a really special case, let me introduce you to our research group. Instead, shouldn’t you tease me later for being insignificant?”

"really? Then I am grateful.”

“It happens again. Where is the thank you among friends? Come on, let's go quickly!”

* * *

Sirone followed Nade into a remote area northwest of the Central Park of the Magic School. About 100 huge tetrahedrons formed a colony with a complex structure. The material was iron and magic patterns were engraved on the surface. The size as well as the form destroyed common sense.

“Where are you?”

“It's a warehouse where magic equipment is stored. Our research group is in the warehouse. haha!"

There is no separate set of research labs. When a study group was established and a certain number of members gathered, the school gave an empty room.

It's a warehouse anyway. I couldn't understand why a school boasting a huge site would give away a laboratory in such a remote location.

“This is like a hideout that seniors have kept for generations. Our research group actually has a long history. I heard you worked really hard to get this place.”

“But this is a bit… … .”

"haha! are you okay. there is nothing here You can make anything as long as you have things in the warehouse. Oh, you must never speak out. I believe in you and say it.”

"omg! really?"

At school, I didn't know that Nade, an ordinary student, was using the warehouse's goods illegally. Stunned, I followed Ned into the building. As the structure was complex, there were several entrances. In addition, close to 100 buildings were all connected, so it was at the level of wandering through a maze.

"lol! cool isn't it But you don't have to watch closely. Because we change the structure of the building whenever we have a chance.”

“Changing the structure of the building? Is that possible?”

“The official name of this place is Estas, the magic warehouse. The building itself is a magical device. It's much faster to move the building and send it to the doorway than to find and retrieve it. Engineering design paper considering loadability and transportability at the same time. So, on days when schools have practices, the structure often changes. So no matter what they do, they can't find us.”

Spitting out the last words, Nade giggled. An azitra that no one can find. After hearing this far, even Shirone's heart began to pound.

“Actually, finding the way is simple. But you're not a member yet, so I can't teach you.”

Nade walked the complicated road without hesitation. After passing through twenty buildings, she arrived at a place painted blue. There were about 10 large and small warehouses in one building, and Nade's Research Society was the largest warehouse among them.

"Voila! arrive. Right here.”

Sirone approached with a nervous face. What kind of research did he hide in a place like this?

When I arrived at the iron gate, the signboard of the research society was attached crookedly.

- Supernatural Psychic Science Research Society

“Sim, psychic science?”

Even in the midst of many fields, psychic science was the kind that couldn't even be in the middle of thinking.

"how is it? Will our study group be finished? It is literally the study of paranormal phenomena. Ghosts, spirits, afterlife, aliens, hell, gods. These things.”

Sirone's embarrassed expression gradually disappeared. Come to think of it, it was a very curious topic.

'God exists.'

There are countless people who have borrowed the name of God, but there has never been a time when God has directly appeared in the world.

“Yeah, this sounds interesting. It may not be magical, but it might be worth studying.”

"haha! yes? also! I thought you would know! come in once I'll show you around.”

Nade grabbed Sirone's hand and opened the door. Contrary to the idea that it would be a neat philosophical space, it was a thick dust that greeted Sirone.

Sirone frowned at the dust bombardment. It wasn't normal for dust to rise this much when the door was opened hard.

The warehouse was about 15 pyeong. The desk had a broken leg, and the table was full of crumbs of bread and crumpled papers. They said they converted the warehouse into a laboratory, and it seemed that all they renovated was a signboard.

“Isn’t it worse? You get used to it as you go. Come in, come in.”

Sirone didn't understand why he had to focus his eyes on the scenery instead of clearing out the warehouse. But those thoughts disappeared the moment I saw the blackboard hanging in front of me.

On the blackboard, tilted at an angle like a signboard, there were dizzyingly dense mathematical formulas written on it. It was the work of a boy who is still playing with chalk quickly.

"uh?"

Sirone was surprised to see the boy's face as he turned around after finishing his clerk. He was a rookie who didn't come to class for several days due to being disciplined.

---------------------------------------