[628] Two Systems (1)

Iruki calculated the detonation equation while glaring at the fire strike, which grew in size in an instant.

'Nuclear Fusion!'

Fire Strike's body swelled like a balloon and a powerful explosion occurred.

“Keugh!”

The shock of anti-magic hit the minds of all the participants who had already left.

'I avoided... … .'

The 2,000 times system was powerful enough to judge the entire Colosseum as an attack.

“Are you going to try to finish it?”

Starting from the huge explosion, a melee of biting and biting each other ensued, and even during that time, Fermi was still relaxed.

'It's boring enough to be free.'

He had deliberately put on the brakes at the final juncture of passing every year, so it was rather comfortable now that he had lifted the limit.

'Wait, won't it be graduation if only 16 people are defeated?'

Why do other students make a fuss about such an easy task?

Blue lightning shimmered in front of Fermi's eyes, and the lichen approached with spark magic and swung his hand.

Fermi, who opened the distance with his amazing reflexes, blew his burnt bangs and said.

“Isn't it too soon? If you stick with me, graduation will be over the water.”

Sona's Hercy approached from Fermi's side.

"Because that's your strategy."

With Fermi, who had so far dominated the graduation exams, it was only natural that participants would be reluctant to engage in a head-to-head confrontation.

“But your time is gone. If we push you, everyone will attack you.”

'It annoys me.'

Hercy's analysis was correct, and the struck Fermi said with a pretentious eye smile.

“Look at me. There's such a thing as old love, right?"

"gibberish. Do you have any feelings like that?”

Fermi's shoulders shook as Hersie activated her sonar and Lichen covered her face with rubber tights.

“Quack. Kkkkkkkkk.”

“Don’t be bluffing. All you have left is a miserable end.”

Laughter broke out and stopped.

“Unlike things.”

Fermi's emotionless face was cold enough to be considered human.

“Kill!”

The horrified Hersie shouted, and the lichen charged at Fermi with a lightning bolt.

'Magma stream.'

The ground where Fermi pointed his palm melted rapidly, and an enormous amount of magma gushed out.

“It’s advanced fusion magic.”

Combining the air and fire systems required a veteran's proficiency beyond the level of magic.

“Out-of-regulation eaters. Money buys experiences.”

A huge amount of magma clumped together from the sky and poured down towards the place where Hercy and Licorn were.

"damage!"

As the lava embedded in the ground quickly spread and engulfed the entire Colosseum, everyone soared into the sky.

Between Sirone and Fermi, the two systems controlling the circumstances of the graduation exam, the participants' heads became complicated.

'Which side should I stick to?'

Canis didn't worry.

“I hit sirone.”

Harvest spread a huge palm.

“Keuk, shouldn’t we have to avenge Arcane?”

Arin thought it was dangerous.

“Kanis, fighting Sirone right now… … .”

“I know what you want to say. I'm stubborn, and I'm not good at reasoning.”

“That's not what I meant. Why do you keep belittling yourself?”

This kind of appearance of Kanis broke my heart the most.

“That's why we fight. If I step back from here... … I don’t think I will be satisfied no matter what I do in the future.”

Looking at Canis' menstruation, where the dirty water was slapping, Arin eventually had no choice but to bend his will.

“Okay, let’s go. Because this is our fight.”

As always, Harvest took on the role of the vanguard.

“Hahaha! We are here, Sirone!”

Tension rose in Sirone's eyes as he checked Canis.

'As expected of Canis.'

He was a wizard who polished his magic only for combat, and a master of mental strength who competed for the top of the senior class.

“It’s a revenge battle, Sirone.”

"However much."

The Photon Cannon and the Power of Darkness struck head-on.

When the contrast between black and white became clear with neither being pushed back, the scouts murmured with surprised expressions.

“How could that be?”

Most of the magic is overpowered, but one disadvantage of being weak to light overshadows all the advantages of dark magic.

'My darkness overcomes the light.'

Book of Light and Darkness - Incarnation Reversal.

When the battery of heaven that led Arcane to the Archmage long ago was installed, the forces of darkness began to drive out the light.

“Hahaha! OK, this is it!”

Harvest's body, which roared with arms wide open, twisted like a twist and turned into a sharp spear and rushed in.

-Drill it through, Harvest!

Numerous Sirones simultaneously cast their photon cannons at the same time, but the spears of shadow did not even budge.

“It is swallowing the light. That number 12, that’s incredible strength.”

Elizabeth searched Canis' records.

“I am a disciple of Viltor Arcane. He also showed off his extraordinary ability in physical strength. He was so stubborn.”

If physical strength was the dominant force in the matchmaking world, there would be no other person like Arcane who had risen to the rank of archmage through dark magic.

“Certainly, a confrontation between opposite sexes is different from power. It’s a battle of who can carry it through.”

“I win this time, Sirone!”

The more Canis concentrated, the faster Harvest turned into a spear of shadows.

“No, Canis.”

Sirone's movement stopped, and numerous sirones overlapped in the Force Dimension disappeared as if evaporating.

“I will not lose to anyone.”

When I put my right hand behind me with my center of gravity lowered, dozens of sirones started overlapping with afterimages as if vibrating.

'Concentrate all events on one coordinate.'

As if an earthquake had occurred, Sirone's body trembled, and a photon cannon was born outside the palm of her hand.

"That's right."

Miro said, pointing at the sky with his index finger.

“Extremes meet at the top.”

The ability to engrave time into space had something in common with the incarnation of the Thousand-Handed Guanyin.

The difference is that Sirone's quantum superposition superimposes the entire event itself, and in this way, the magic concentrated in one coordinate expands into a huge sphere.

Quantum Super Position - 128 stacks.

The power equivalent to as many as 128 sirones throwing their photon cannons at the same time was embodied in a 2-meter-diameter flash and extended toward Harvest.

“Take it away, Harvest!”

“Keeeeeeeeeee!”

The spear of shadow spun with sharp spines behind it, and a huge flash of light swallowed it whole.

Numerous eyes watched the clash of light and darkness.

tinnitus.

"uh?"

The beep seemed to connect both eardrums.

I couldn't see, and after a while I came to the conclusion that my whole body had lost sensation.

“… … Canis!”

Arin's voice was heard high in the sky.

'what? Why do I hear a sound from above?'

I tried to remember, but the moment Harvest collided with the Photon Cannon, my thoughts were paralyzed as if my brain had been removed from the body.

'Where am I now?'

I shake my face, but I'm not sure if my body actually follows me.

Fortunately, after a while, my eyesight slowly returned.

It was only after another time had passed that I was certain that I was lying in the middle of a lava field created by cooling magma.

'Falled? I? why?'

“Canis! damage!"

The moment I heard Arin's voice clearly, a flash of light rushed from the sky.

“Keugh!”

Harvest appeared in front of Canis, who raised her upper body, and took the Photon Cannon with her body.

“Aaaaaagh!”

As the nerves in my body awoke, realistic pain rushed in.

'Nonsense.'

In other words, the shock he received before he lost consciousness was not real at all.

-Canis, are you okay?

Harvest's signal came through the mental channel.

-What happened?

-I couldn't break through. pushed out of strength I couldn't move because you lost consciousness.

"I… … You said you were pushed?”

Even though they offset the compatibility between the classes by deciphering the books of light and darkness, they were completely defeated.

“Now! Hit Sirone!”

The contestants who were looking for an opportunity with Canis cutting off the start rushed at the same time.

Even in the midst of Screamer, Conger, and Frings' pincer attack and Arin's mental attack, Sirone's eyes became clearer.

“Is this a wizard capable of responding to all variables?”

Although they were proud of one organ, Sirone was not pushed back while dealing with all of them one-on-one.

Elizabeth said in a trembling voice.

“My mental strength is recovering. It's already over 30 percent. It’s Runner’s High.”

A light flashed in Sirone's eyes.

'Immortal Function!'

The mental power rushing in from the infinite realm further strengthened concentration and the efficiency of the Force Dimension soared.

“36 percent! 40 percent! I keep recovering!”

Everything that makes up Sirone, such as Ataraxia, Elysion, Sibul Statue Explosion, and Immortal Function, is circulating.

“… … Is it a flawless system?”

In fact, even in the state of being caught up in the attacks of the enemies, Sirone's mind was getting clearer.

'weird.'

I couldn't analyze it logically, but it felt as if everyone's hostile movements had nothing to do with my situation.

'I don't think I'll lose. I don't think it's dangerous.'

“The head cap is completely open.”

The albino muttered as he stroked his chin, and Miro's eyes lit up as if he had found a jewel.

“I started hearing the beating of my heart.”

Foltar turned around as if seeking an explanation, but Miro saw only Sirone's fluid movements.

'The time perceived by the brain is split into the heart. That is the identity of rhythm.'

Therefore, those who can hear the heartbeat... … .

“You can split all the time into your own rhythm.”

'shit! It only takes one room properly... … !'

The screamer pushed Sirone with all his might, but even with all his might, he couldn't touch a hair.

He was trapped in the rhythm of Sirone.

“Please get hit!”

As the screamer's body charged fiercely, causing afterimages, Sirone's rhythm split even more closely.

'Avoid here.'

A fist passed by the undoubted anchorage, and the variable beat that split the middle of the beat became anchorage again, subdividing time.

“Oohhhh!”

No matter how fast the screamer moved, it was just a puppet that was already trapped in the rhythm of the sirone.

“It’s okay.”

Baikal said.

“Even the one-hit killer technique is useless if it doesn’t match.”

The feeling of being incapacitated by the martial arts he had trained all his life for was the worst misery in a screamer's life.

“I can't do this! How can I not get hit... … !”

Other participants are also accusing Sirone with violent magic, but all that time was just an individual incident to Sirone.

'Ah, that's right. I… … .'

Sirone's movement in a trance was like dancing, and since it was an art, not a skill, there could be no waste.

“To do this short, fleeting dance… … .”

Albino realized what kind of life Sirone lived.

“I had to fill most of my life with painful experiences.”

Miro exhaled.

“… … A privilege that only you can enjoy.”

“I am... … !”

A light of conviction exploded in Sirone's head.

“The strongest!”

Quantum superposition? 240 stacks.

Deed deed deed deed!

Following the body twisting sirone, 239 sirone focused their photon cannons on a single coordinate.

As he swung his arm in that state, a huge flash of light stretched out and hit the screamer's abdomen.

“Gagging!”

Screamer's eyes widened as if they would pop out at the shock of an explosion in his brain, and his consciousness was already blown away.

-Participation numbers 10 and 2,000 have departed from the system.

The contestants who felt terrified at the sight of the screamer sprawled out turned their heads with pale faces.

“The strongest?”

It's hard to believe that it came from a humble personality, but there was nothing rough about the power of dozens of sirones charging.

"okay. It's your festival, Sirone.”

Miro saw that he deserved it.

“Run like a mad colt.”

---------------------------------------