[793] Beta Fish (3)

* * *

"Day! It's a thing!”

When Jaysteen burst open the guild door and entered, his subordinates were sleeping on the floor of the collapsed building.

“Everyone wake up, you bastards!”

Six men and one woman raised their upper bodies without fixing their boisterous expressions.

“Oh, it hurts. Why is it so noisy in the morning?”

Feeling the smell of the vomit he had made last night, he frowned and looked back at J-Steen.

"what? from morning?"

Jaysteen put magic bullets on the gun.

“Is that what a guy who earns a living in my guild would do?”

The moment I checked the gun's muzzle, the dazed faces opened their eyes and fled their bodies.

“Bounce! Die!"

Those scattered in all directions closed their eyes tightly in anticipation of the explosion of magic bullets.

“It’s a job. please."

Jaysteen sighed and lowered the gun.

Inside the guild, which was roughly covered with wooden planks, all members of the Jaysteen mercenary group sat at a round table.

“So, we ended up protecting the most obsessed girls in the world?”

Aekku asked in bewilderment.

"okay. Of course, I'm the only one who can enter the waiting room. The six of you will act as outside security.”

With the blackmailer unable to be caught, the government of Arachne devoted all their energy to security.

It was a situation where we had to use even the power we didn’t have, and the fact that J-Steen was a woman also helped.

the woman at the counter asked.

“How much money did you give me?”

“It’s an achievement. But the down payment alone is enough for the guild maintenance. Besides, if this job succeeds, the value of the name of the mercenary group will rise.”

One of his eyes was shining.

“I mean… … Are you saying you're finally going out into the world?"

It is the resurrection of the Jaysteen mercenaries.

"okay. It was decided in a hurry, but I'll be able to make it in time for rehearsal. Briefing in the clearing in 10 minutes.”

* * *

At the venue of the World Beauty Contest, there was a separate waiting room for participants and event officials.

“Whoa. Whoa.”

Maya, who had just made her debut, sighed heavily as she sat in the waiting room for invited singers.

'Why are you doing this? My heart beats too fast.'

The agency's representative, Palmus, came into the waiting room and handed Maya a sedative.

“Still?”

"yes. but… … It will be fine.”

As many people worked hard for today, I couldn't show my weakness.

"calm down. You worked hard. There was no mistake during rehearsal. You will do well.”

'I should have made a mistake.'

The fact that it was finished neatly made me even more anxious because it was my first professional stage.

'Sirone... … .'

Maya unfolded the sheet music with the title of the song 'Rain of Light' written on it.

'Someday you'll listen to my song.'

It means that light poured from the sky like showers, and it was a song that expressed the feelings of being in love with Sirone.

Seeing Maya noticeably calm down as she read the lyrics, Palmus licked his lips.

'I don't know who it is, but I'm blessed.'

When they first read the lyrics she submitted, everyone involved knew that they weren't just words for lyrics.

'Yes, this is just the beginning. All you need is to throw away your greed and throw out your heart.'

Falmus quietly avoided the seat.

participant waiting room.

The room where the beauties representing 32 countries gathered together was a silent battlefield.

The thoughts of the female guards were the same.

'It won't be easy to control.'

said Miss Weiden, who was sitting cross-legged in her undergarments, annoyed.

“Haa, boring.”

There was no answer coming back, and it was suffocating for her love of socializing.

'If I could smoke a cigarette, I wouldn't have a wish.'

The competitors' surveillance network was spread over everyone, so it was impossible to sneak up on smoking.

Baring her armpits and yawning profusely, she turned to Miss Tormia, who was sitting next to her.

It was a woman with raw blonde hair that came down to the left and right, revealing a tall forehead, and beautiful eyebrows like pure gold.

“Hey, it’s still a long way to start, isn’t it stuffy when you’re wearing a dress? You have to change anyway.”

said Alfred Forney closing the book.

“The dignity of royalty knows no time or place.”

“Oh my, are you royalty?”

In the graduation exam at Tormia Magic School, she was unfortunately eliminated due to Maya's eating out of the rules, and she applied for a leave of absence.

'This is the best I can choose.'

It was a shock to fail the exam, but the world came to know about her family's rape of Sirone.

'If I win, I can enter the vested interest.'

In any country, the winner of a beauty pageant will receive preferential treatment from the government, which will be directly related to the political power of the royal family.

“Hey, are you really royalty? So why do good-looking people just cringe at you?”

Pony, who didn't feel the value of responding, was about to open the book again, but a hand came in front of her eyes.

When I looked up, Miss Arachne was approaching me with a refreshing smile.

"nice to meet you. I am Barho Rangi.”

The kingdom of Arachne has produced many world championship winners from generation to generation, and Rangi was also a strong candidate for the championship.

“It’s Alfred Pony. I can't say I'm happy."

“Whoops, that’s straightforward. Are you sure you're a wizard?"

Perhaps everyone would have obtained the participants' profiles, but it was a painful past for Pony.

“I am not a wizard. Because I didn't graduate."

Pointing out the facts meant that her way of thinking still couldn't escape the magician's.

"know. I still think it's cool.”

She was a woman who had a knack for making people feel comfortable.

“Hmm.”

When Pony made a sign of liking, Rangi brought a chair and sat down in front of her.

“You said you were going to Alpheas Magic School, right? then… … Do you know someone named Sirone?”

Emotions were revealed for the first time on Pony's cold face.

“How do you know Sirone?”

“Huh, of course you know. Who in the world does not know the stars of the ivory tower?”

"but… … .”

The Ivory Tower is an unfamiliar institution to outsiders of magic, but Pony identified with her.

“What kind of person is Sirone?”

“What kind of person are you?”

Her eyes, as she rested her chin on her chin and recalled her school days, turned into deep sadness.

“Actually, we weren’t very close. Sometimes, to the extent of exchanging a few words at a restaurant. Rather, there were more fights.”

“Wow, did you fight that sirone?”

I felt good for some reason.

“Because it was a competitor at the time. But it was only after the graduation exams that things went wrong. Sirone is from a commoner.”

added Pony.

“Of course, magic has nothing to do with status. It’s a world where you can push yourself through only with your skills.”

The fierce eyes subsided again.

“My family, the royal family, made a mistake. For just that reason, they eliminated Sirone, who was the top scorer, and put pressure on me to pass.”

'Anyway, politicians... … .”

Is there a machine that can print the same?

“It was embarrassing. So she didn't go anywhere. The case got worse. Eventually I... … .”

Pony said bitterly.

“I have decided to commit suicide.”

Rangi's eyes widened, and Miss Biden, who was listening next to her, hurriedly whispered.

“Hey, what if I say something like that? How many ears do you have here?”

It would be a decisive blow if the tooth part leaked out, but Pony continued talking without wavering.

“I tied a rope to the ceiling and hung it around my neck.”

None of the participants responded, but the sound of speech completely disappeared.

“I pushed the chair away and left my body to gravity. But the moment it fell down, it stopped.”

Rangi swallowed his saliva.

“It was strange, so I slowly opened my eyes and looked down, but Sirone was holding my leg. The guy who put me down looked right at me and said this.”

Pony's words were extremely calm.

"It's not your fault, Pony."

Everyone was looking at her now.

"It wasn't something I said to comfort myself. Because it's really not my fault. She was about to lose her wizard license, let alone the chief, and that's what she said.”

Pony still couldn't believe it.

“What kind of person is Sirone? It's simple. Wizard. And he is the greatest wizard of our time.”

“You still like magic.”

“I wanted to do it all the way. But I want to believe in myself a little more. I think that would be the order.”

Endless battles and competitions, a cold borderline world where no one appeals to emotion.

However, looking back, I wondered if it was the most comforting time in Pony's life.

"Miss you. school… … .”

The first smile appeared on Pony's lips, and the listening competitors turned their heads.

'Sheesh, I can't use that.'

If it was a shame, I would shed it, but if it was a drama like that, it only enhanced Pony's charm.

'The archmage who defeats the dragon.'

Rangi still had the novella that Sirone had left at the hotel.

“You are a wonderful person, Sirone.”

Pony laughed.

“Yes, when you are a wizard… … To be honest, I can't deny it either. But if you see it in person, you will be amazed. Because he's a country boy who's usually flawless."

Although the situations in which they understood each other were different, it seemed that Rangi knew what he meant.

'When you're a wizard. What would it look like?'

While Rangi was lost in his imagination, the guards who inspected the surrounding area entered again.

The captain of the guard introduced Jaysteen.

“I am an emergency sniper expert this time. This will further enhance your safety, so you can participate in the competition with peace of mind.”

Those who knew about the terrorist threat were a minority even in the capital.

“What kind of sniper expert? Honestly, who would shoot us from a distance? I don't know if I catch you."

Jaysteen said.

“It's not just men who are the villains in the world. This is a measure to be sure, so please follow the control.”

“Oh, I don’t know, I don’t know! You can control what you eat, drink, and even breathe. What kind of control is that?”

Confidentiality was a priority, so persuasion was impossible.

“From now on, the world’s grand festival! Let the finals of the world beauty pageant begin!”

Received applause from the audience, the moderator exited, and the opening ceremony celebration continued.

“Maya, tension is poison, but you can’t put it down too much. Trust me. You can do it.”

It was Maya's turn.

"I am introducing! I am Maya, the owner of excellent singing skills from Tormia!”

I took a deep breath and stood alone in full view of the crowd, and my mind went giddy.

'Let's stay calm. You've done something even harder than this.'

It reminded me of my magic school days.

'Yes, I'm not alone.'

The appearance of the players arranging the instruments felt like the Sirone team that fought together during the highland occupation.

'Bomb drum, Iruki.'

As soon as the majors and instruments were arranged, they smiled.

'The red-faced keyboard Amy. Nade is perfect for an electric guitar. And the base... … .'

Sirone, who always held the center of the team.

'someday… … Can we play together?'

The prelude to the song "Rain of Light," which she wrote, flowed, and she felt the eyes of a thousand people focus on her.

“Whoa! thank god. It's not too late.”

The moment Sirone, who arrived late, sat down, Maya stepped slowly to match the beat.

“It’s really cool, Maya. You have achieved your dream.”

I couldn't hear Sirone's voice, but Maya's movement from side to side stopped abruptly.

“What, what? Why are you here?”

Falmus, watching from backstage, immediately realized that the situation was not normal.

“Sirone.”

At first, I wondered if I was seeing an illusion, but the person sitting in the first class was definitely Sirone.

'Sirone is really here.'

There was no sound of music, no cheers from the audience, not even a heartbeat.

---------------------------------------