other space(4)

Hwangseong Yeomra.

Accompanied by Gaitan the Earth Dragon and Assrike the White Dragon, Sirone knocked on the gate of Enma.

Even before confirming their identity, the gatekeepers put on a dazed expression as if they were bewildered.

'Oh my god, such a beauty... … White Dragon As Striker.

Not only the soldiers but also the officials opened their mouths in a daze at her appearance, which reached the pinnacle of all living things.

“This is Sirone, the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower. Emperor of Jincheon... …

As everyone's eyes were fixed on As-Skiker, Sirone cleared his throat.

"Hommum, hey, I'm here to see His Majesty the Emperor."

No answer came back.

As Sirone let out a sigh in a familiar situation, Assryker opened his mouth.

“This is the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower. Can I have an audience with His Majesty the Emperor?”

"yes? Ah yes! please wait a moment

Come on!”

Baekryong's ultimate protection was so strong that even the gatekeeper of Yeomra, who was famous for his naivety, was willing to follow.

Three minutes later, the Royal Guards, accompanied by a small but luxurious carriage, arrived at the gate.

The same situation as three minutes ago had occurred, and even the ladies-in-waiting had lost their souls to her.

'… … I can't go to places where there are a lot of people.'

It's okay to share a few words.

However, the situation becomes serious when the assriker talks to a specific person for more than 5 minutes.

'You'll have to risk your life.'

Countless kings, leaders, artists, scholars, and priests throughout history have died from love sickness.

Even more terrifying was the will of a king who took his own life 1,400 years ago.

'It is said that it is better to know her even if I die now than to live an eternal life without knowing her.'

It was the fear of the white dragon that handles the soul.

Upon arriving at the civil war, Jincheon's general, Oh Ryong-jang, was performing a sword dance on a high platform.

They were Yucheong, who is called the incarnation of the sword, and Hwang Yi-seong, who is nicknamed the Devil of Paedo.

'It's very thin.'

Sirone watched for a moment the dance of the two who wielded swords and axes in a flamboyant way.

It must have been the unique momentum of the Jincheon Empire to not stop fighting despite the visit of Oh Dae-seong.

“Taha!”

As Hwang Yi-sung rushed forward with his ax raised, he felt the force behind him as if a wave was rising.

Yucheong, who put his sword forward, rushed like a flash and broke the waves, and a strong wind blew up.

Gaitan was indifferent with his arms folded, but the expression of Assryker got worse and worse.

'These... …

Aren't you intentionally ignoring the Messiah who will save the world?

She turned to the manager and said.

“Are all the generals of the Jincheon Empire so rude? I'm a little disappointed.”

“Oh, sorry!”

He was not just a general, but a general at the pinnacle of the military, but the official responded immediately.

'Looking forward to me.'

Showing an ugly figure in front of Assryker was something he hated more than dying.

“General!”

He raised his voice uncharacteristically for a civil servant and shouted loudly as he threw his fists.

“Sirone, the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower, has arrived! You have to be polite!”

The movements of Yoo Cheong and Hwang Yi-sung stopped abruptly.

'Am I crazy?'

She already knew about Sirone's visit.

However, it was the law that even the emperor did not stop the sword of Oryongjang, which symbolizes the power of Jincheon.

“To prevent a samurai from flying... … Hwang Yi-seong, who put his ax on his shoulder, frowned arrogantly, but soon his expression relaxed.

"huh?"

The moment I saw the woman staring at me, I felt like my soul was ascending to heaven.

'Who is that woman?'

Hwang Yi-seong has an honest personality.

In addition, his wife was Princess Yeon, the most beautiful woman in the kingdom of Moon, but she could not ignore the feeling of Geuk-ho.

'I'd like to share a word with you.'

A gulp passed, and Yoo Cheong, who was next to her, couldn't take her eyes off her.

"ah??????

Hwang Yi-seong belatedly expressed an example.

“I didn't notice it because I was fighting a whole-body battle. This is the surname of General Hwang.”

Yu-cheong was not to be outdone, so he swarmed with his sword.

“This is Jincheon’s Oryongjang, Yucheong. Please forgive the rudeness. There is no compromise when it comes to swords... …

Sirone just wanted to get into the civil war.

"No, thanks. I only came because I had something urgent to say to His Majesty the Emperor.”

Assryker added.

“Thank you for your kind hospitality. Please don’t worry about us and keep training.”

"Ah yes. then… …

When the two generals started fighting again, Sirone moved towards civil war.

Perhaps because he was conscious of the As-Skiker, the impact sound of the cold weapon was several times louder than before.

'watching.'

Assriker, who was passing by the podium, slowly turned his head to watch Bimu.

'Looking at me.' Yoo Cheong and Hwang Yi-seong, who had the same thoughts, pulled out all the strength they had.

A roar echoed throughout the enclave.

“Yaaah!”

Yu Qing's face, which was pushed back by Hwang Yi-seong's blow, turned red from ear to ear.

'Keugh!'

You can still feel the gaze of the Astriker.

'What disgrace is this!'

I was dying of pity at the thought of how little she would see me.

“Hwang Yi-seong! Do you look down on me!” Salcho was developed in the skill competition, and Hwang Yi-seong also used the secret technique of repentance to be outdone.

In a situation where it wouldn't be strange if anyone died, Sirone stopped walking.

I didn't look back, but I was able to recall the scene of the dance just by listening to the sound.

“Go, whey!”

As Riker watched the murderous blow toward his comrades with indifferent eyes.

'I win! The thing she loves about her is... …

Just as the cold weapons were about to break each other's bodies, a blindingly powerful light exploded.

“Kuk!”

The hearts of everyone around them sank calmly, driven by an unknown force.

“Heo-eok! Huh!”

The two generals who managed to stop their swords gasped for breath with dazed expressions.

'what? why am i... …

Did you try to kill your colleague?

The two of them suddenly realized it and turned their heads to see Sirone facing the front.

“Ass Rider.”

Her shoulders twitched at the cold voice.

“Yes, Messiah.”

“I must have said that? Never keep an eye on a specific person for a long time.”

The existence of the white dragon itself is a weapon.

Just staring at someone makes your heart boil.

"sorry. To build up her pride without knowing how much the Messiah sacrifices... …

I understand your feelings, but if it continues like this in the future, the unity of mankind will be difficult.

“People almost died. If you think you can do more just because you're strong, you don't have to stay by my side.”

Sirone's face turned pale due to the rain.

"sorry! I will never do that again!”

"let's go."

People opened their mouths blankly at the sight of her sullenly following her.

A similar situation occurred during the civil war, but she did not make eye contact with anyone.

Upon arriving at the palace, Jin Kang opened his mouth.

“Are you here?”

'Jin Kang, the emperor of Jincheon.' The steely eyes were still there, but everything else seemed at stake.

Aside from being skinny, I didn't feel the vitality that is natural for humans.

“I came because I have something to tell you.”

“If it was caused by the Demon Realm, I already received a report. The Empire's doctors are preparing countermeasures with all their might.”

Jin Kang glanced at the two apostles guarding Sirone's left and right.

As Riker made eye contact, but Jin Kang could not find any change in emotion.

'Such a soul.'

she was sad

'Even though I'm alive, I'm not alive. I can't squeeze out any more.'

Any parent would feel the same if they thought their child was struggling in eternal pain.

“I will go to the world behind it.”

A light flashed in Jin Kang's eyes.

“If you purify hell, the underworld will disappear. We are currently preparing in Tormia Kingdom.”

“… … Right."

The reason he didn't ask about Seongeum was probably because he was still the emperor of Jincheon.

“I can't save it. However, if Hell is purified, it will be freed from suffering.”

Jin Kang's eyes turned red.

“The magician Jin Seong-eum is the one who saved humanity from the swamp of despair. She was able to fight this far because of her. If I meet her in her hell, I will kill her at her charge.” Jin Kang struggled to endure it.

This is because the emperor Jincheon wants is a son of heaven who rules over all people, not a human being bound by family love.

“I will be entering the world soon. Before that, I came to ask permission for the extinction of the voice.”

I knew why he had to ask for permission.

“… … When my daughter disappears, the psychic realm will reopen.”

"yes. Of course, if Hell is purified, there will be no problem. But if you are faced with a situation where you have to choose between the two... …

The purification of hell and the extinction of the sacred sound.

“I will choose to liberate the voice. Even if the psychic realm opens again.”

Now it was the emperor's turn to answer.

“Then Jincheon will lose. Humanity, of course. Are you asking me to abandon the empire and save her daughter?”

"It's up to His Majesty's heart." A heavy silence passed.

“You chose it even after knowing the ending of the voice. Do you regret sending your daughter that way?”

"regret… … do you?”

Jin Kang turned his head and recalled the feelings at the time, but his mouth did not open any longer.

“If I can’t choose, I will.”

As Sirone was about to lead the apostles out of the palace, a hoarse voice was heard.

“If it were me… …

Jin Kang stood up.

“If it were me, I wouldn’t have done it like my daughter.

hey."

Then, with a polite fist, he bowed his head deeply toward Shirone.

“Liberate the hero of Jincheon.”

"I will do my best."

After saying that, as we headed towards the gate, all the servants bowed in unison and shouted.

“Please free the hero of Jincheon!”

I wonder if the burning of a living human being is more beautiful than any other flame...

“Whoa!”

For a moment, I had such a crazy idea.

“Lian!”

If life could be seen, wouldn't it be burning in that form?

Even if he was breathing while standing, even if he was crawling on the floor, the flame was always pointing upward.

'It's on fire. What should I do now?'

Endlessly restoring his body, where pain was everything, Lian walked around aimlessly.

'It's much harder than I thought.'

The thought that I'd rather die flooded my mind, growing in size in an instant.

“Great!”

There will be no screaming.

Lian made that promise, and thought he had kept his promise to the end.

Even until Tess sheds tears as she rolls on the floor and screams evil for three hours.

“Lian, Lian!”

Two more hours had passed since then, until Klump bit his lip until it bled.

“Aaaaaaa!”

I thought that Rian never did anything evil.

“Sirone! now that's the limit I'm going to go crazy! Let me rest for a moment.”

Sirone shook his head coldly.

“If you stop now, you will have to repeat the process from the beginning. This is for the best.”

Tess covered her ears at Lian's shout.

"please! Please stop!"

"??????haha."

When I turned my head to Lian's laughter, he was standing up before I knew it.

“Heh heh! Hehehehe!”

At first I thought it was crazy.

However, his voice, clearly staring somewhere, did not waver.

“I see, Sirone.”

Every time the flames flew, countless scenes that were not real were overlapping.

"uh… …

Inside Tess' retinas, the ghosts screamed.