[749] The Age of Turbulence (5)

* * *

sanctuary.

It is a transnational organization created by the Three Emperors, Chilwangseong, and King Lee.

Founded by Theraje, and built with the cooperation of 24 countries, including the Holy Temple, mankind's strongest military force.

Now that Heaven's activities have been quiet, other than the Eternal Community, countries around the world have been voicing their opinions that Valkyrie should be the vanguard against the 72nd Demon Legion.

“Enter Kashan!”

To the national anthem of Kashan played by the Republic of Korea's military band, Uorin took a step forward.

The guards, divided into geunjungwon, spread out over a wide radius and crossed their eyes like a net.

Behind Uorin, Fengzhang, the strongest swordsman group, moved with the same stride without an error of one centimeter.

'I thought it was time to get used to it, but... … .'

Gando acted as Wurin's aide.

'I don't get used to it at all.'

The time and location of the holy temple change every time, but as it is a venue for world leaders to show off their national power, it was incomparable to any other summit in terms of scale.

“Welcome the state guest!”

Along the footbridge dyed in golden light, the Republic of Korea's honorary troops greeted the empress with heavy halberds.

'This side is also fully prepared.'

The Seven Kingdoms Republic of Korea is a peninsula that juts out in the shape of a dolphin in the southern part of the Gustaf Empire.

Originally, it should have been eaten by the Empire because there was no contact with other countries except Gustav in the north, but in the end, Cotria defended its territory with the dignified name of the Seven Kings.

'I must have done my best enough to be proud of myself. But the biggest reason... … .'

This is because he owns the ancient weapon Ex-Machina.

It is presumed to be a type of MAP weapon, and Uorin said that it might not be a power-based weapon, but a legal weapon.

“It’s Gando.”

Wu Lin called quietly.

“Has Sirone not contacted you yet?”

Urin sent a message to Sirone, who has been wandering around the world since becoming the Five Stars, but there has been no reply yet.

"That's right."

Gando thought for a moment and then added.

“Shall we send someone again?”

If the polite letter was coldly rejected, the empire would have no choice but to resort to coercive means.

“No, it's okay. You must be busy.”

Uorin's voice was full of sadness, and that fact surprised Gando.

'It seems that his coolness is shaking today.'

Wu Lin called again.

“It’s Gando.”

“Yes, Empress. Please tell me.”

“Sit next to me today.”

"yes?"

He had accompanied him to the temple several times, but this was the first time she had offered a seat next to him.

"Gustav's emperor has changed."

Gustav Havitz, 17 years old.

According to Mistra's memories, not Uorin's, he was an interesting human equal to himself.

'Now, as a human being, he must have reached his age. What kind of person he would have grown into.'

“Do I deserve it? If you are concerned, should I give Fengzhang a separate instruction?”

Although they were giving all the conveniences of the empress, in terms of combat power, Gando was in the middle of the middle of the royal knights.

"are you okay. Just stay by my side.”

“… … All right."

If what Uorin was reluctant to do was force, Gando would be the right person.

After the position of the Three Emperors was over, six countries excluding Kotria crossed the gate, showing off their military power.

Paras of the Middle East, Gate of the East, Jive of the Central Continent, Iron of the Southern Continent, Arachne representing the 10 Kingdoms of the Southern Continent, and the Southern Continent.

The position of a nation is relative, and it is impossible to calculate a nation's national power with numerical values ​​alone, but no kingdom in the Seven Kingdoms was weaker than Sirone's hometown of Tormia.

“Lee Goonwang enters!”

Only after all the human units had gone in did the representatives of the Balaur and the Fairies appear.

Unlike human rulers who reached the pinnacle of ostentation, there were only two.

This is because dragons take pride in being the strongest in any situation, and fairies hate pretending.

"It's been a while, Apostle of Time."

Leading a body as big as a house, Enox, the representative of the fairies, greeted the approaching dragon.

1st Class Dragon Blitz.

Its sharp body like a sword, its sleek body, and its blue scales shimmered as if electricity were flowing even when it was still.

“Pterosaur, I didn’t know you would come.”

Although he was the best among the 12 apostles in terms of combat power, he had a dislike of getting involved in politics like this.

“I don’t like it, but I can’t. I have no interest in the temple, but I have an important agenda today.”

“This is an important issue for the Balaur... … Hmm.”

Enox, who had rested his chin on his chin and thought, looked back at Blitz with a big smile.

“Does the sun explode?”

“Not funny at all.”

Instantly chilled Enox pursed his lips.

“Yes, yes, would a noble one laugh at the jokes of a lowly elf like me? It's good, because it's noble."

“… … .”

Blitz, who had been walking silently for a long time, turned his head roughly in front of the castle gate.

“How come 4,000 years have passed and that damn manic depression hasn’t been cured?”

“Never mind. Should I mix words with a kid like me?”

Fairies have as many emotions as they are pure, and if humans are angry creatures, they have depression.

'In a sense, I hate it more than humans.'

There are humans who fell in love with and married fairies, but most of them did not end well because of this nature.

“Thank you for coming. Please come in.”

When the minister who was waiting at the gate lowered his head, a big smile appeared on Enox's face again.

"hello. How are you, His Highness?”

It was the same when I saw Uorin from a distance, but Enox's appearance was a beauty different from that of a human.

"Ah yes. You are very healthy.”

When Blitz raised his head, the soldier on the wall stomped his butt in fright.

“Hee!”

“The gate is low.”

Should the dragon bow its head and enter?

"sorry. Apparently, it was adjusted to the height of a human... … .”

It was the first time Blitz participated in the holy war, but I couldn't bear to say it out of my mouth.

“Hmm… … .”

The sound of bones twisting began to be heard from Blitz's body, who was looking down at the minister in dissatisfaction.

As Enox frowned, his body gradually compressed into a human form.

It was a reconstruction in a form that only a first-class dragon could do.

“This should work.”

Blade-sharp blue scales replaced her hair, and thunderbolt pupils flashed beneath the protruding eye bones.

“Ah, of course. thank you."

The trumpeter shouted in time with the music of the military band.

“Igunwang! Entrance!"

The temple was opened.

* * *

An army of 3,000 demons surrounded the Pyramid of Zulu, which stood alone in the land of the dead.

"Go in! Kill everyone you see!"

Every time division commander Gaias wielded a saw blade-like weapon, monsters from the dungeon were being cut to the bone.

“Poor things.”

With no heart, the Zulu simply spat out empty words and raised their hands from the top of the pyramid.

“Erga.”

The darkness of the endless abyss.

A black bird soared into the sky and was crushed with a thud.

Just like Zulu did a long time ago.

Key eh eh eh!

As the black mass crumpled like paper spread over the gigantic body, the 10-meter-tall Shinigami spread thunderbolts.

“Rush! There is no retreat!”

The curtain of lightning shook like a wave, but the demons attacked the pyramid, not caring about the flesh bursting.

“Let’s try, Erga.”

As the lightning faded, the lich raised his hands to the sky, a swirl of demonic smoke.

“The resentment of the dead.”

It was a terrible disaster that only Zulu could implement, death-related magic that those with life could not use.

“Heo-eok! Huh!”

Kang Nan held two machetes in his hands and wandered through the labyrinth of the pyramid.

'How many are there?'

Although he occasionally met demons in the desert, it was the first time he faced an army this large.

"die! Pain for humans!”

As the soldiers with prominent blue veins like corpses rushed forward with their spears, Kang Nan threw himself into the blade.

“Yaaaaap!”

As he shook his shoulder violently and swung his machete, the enemies' necks fell off.

“Rabe! Naberaum!”

In the gap between the demons who had opened up like that, division commander Gaias swung a saw blade greatsword.

“Keugh!”

I crossed the machete with an X to block it, but the saw blade pulled and missed the handle.

“You know how to make a woman suffer!”

Gaias pushed in from the shoulder.

“But I only kill!”

"what… … !”

Gangnan, who lost his weapon, twisted his upper body in a posture unique to Ram Muay.

"You're talking!"

As the powerful high kick hit the ironclad, the heavy body was pushed as if there were wheels underneath and crashed into the wall.

“Division commander!”

Gaias shook his head at a shock that was inconceivable to be the power of a human, and that of a woman.

“You can never pass by here!”

Every time Gangnan swung his shin like a whip, the demons' knees broke and their heads exploded.

“… … is it?"

Cruelty to the demons was as natural as a human being willing to chew a pig to fill their stomachs.

“All troops advance!”

All the demons split left and right in front of the river and started running into the depths of the labyrinth.

"no! there... … !”

When Kang Nan, who had a terrible imagination, shouted with a pale face, Gaias swung his great sword.

“Oohhhh!”

When a saw blade got stuck in the boat, sparks flew in Kang Nan's eyes.

“Kwaaaang!”

Kang Nan, who made a wolf sound and pulled his stomach in, bit the blade with both elbows and knees.

Ram Muay Striker - Arang's.

Gaias, glaring at the wolf's vision, swung his sword and broke the wall.

Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

“Big!”

Watching Kang Nan, who had rolled on the floor, hold on to his stomach while lying on his stomach, the jagged greatsword snapped.

'To break a sword made of hell iron.'

Although they acknowledged her as a warrior, it was the demons who could become cowardly in order to achieve Satan's purpose.

“I’m sorry, but that’s it.”

Gangnan jumped up.

“Gaold!”

No matter how complex the labyrinth was, with this level of troops, someone would eventually reach the bottom floor.

“Commander! I do!”

Gaold's door was wide open when Gangnan descended the stairs at the sound of a voice coming from the floor below.

“No eh eh!”

The moment Gang-Nan shouted at the end of the hallway, the ground spurred on and threw his body.

Whoops!

The pyramid rocked up and down unbelievably.

“… … .”

The son-in-law was silent, and only the sound of demons running far upstairs came through the walls.

"uh… … .”

Kang Nan cautiously entered Gaold's room.

All the demons were crushed with blood cakes, and in the corner was a piece of meat presumed to be Division Commander Gaias.

Looking at them all, Gaold, who was bony to the point where only bones remained, sat in the fixed gaze at last.

"uh… … .”

I wanted to say something, but when I saw Gaold's face contorted with pain, I was overcome with fear.

“It’s a mutt.”

Gaold raised his hand and saw the nerves in the back of his hand twitch and his fingers tremble like mad.

"if… … .”

He spat out the words with difficulty in a muddy voice, slowly folding his fingers, leaving his index and middle fingers behind.

“Do you have any cigarettes left?”

“Huh!”

Before the hot tears could cover her eyes, Kang Nan burst into Gaold with a tearful face.

(end of volume 30)

---------------------------------------