Groggy (3)

Marin turned to Veterus and looked at Sirone again with a shocked face.

She also knew a lot of mythical events because she didn't have a short time to eat on the battlefield.

'If that boy is Yahweh... …

And among those myths, there was a story of a swordsman cutting off demons and ending Kashan.

'Mach's knight.'

Even though the demons came close to me, I could see Lee An, who was not nervous and was checking the weather.

'Why are these guys here?'

Wasn't it the appearance of a defeated soldier?

According to her common sense, whether it was a temple or an army of a foreign country, it was normal to support and serve.

Thirty demons gathered in a circle, and Sirone pointed out one.

“Come this way.”

“Me, me?”

He denied the reality and looked around, but no demons met their eyes.

The reason why Sojeonghwa is scary is that the particles of light fundamentally destroy the information of the demons.

The surviving demons were already aware of that fact, and Sirone in front of them looked like a Buddha.

“I want to ask you something.”

The Demon Clan approached and crouched down at the place Sirone pointed out.

“How can I summon Shiok?”

“Shiok?”

The demons were the inhabitants of the other side of the world, but very few people had even heard of Siok.

As Sirone stared at her, the demon shook her shoulder and shook her hand.

“I really don't know! I've never heard of it!”

I thought so.

“You have nothing to fear. I am neither Yahweh nor Buddha. I am just a normal human being.”

There was strangeness in the demon's eyes.

'Neither Yahweh nor Buddha?'

If it were true, the demons would no longer have to fear Sirone.

“Jung, are you really?”

"okay."

The demon looked back at his comrades behind him, shrugged, and pointed a finger at Sirone.

“Aren’t you angry?”

As if dealing with explosives, he pricked Sirone's cheek cautiously, but the heavy rain of light did not fall.

"okay. I told you, I'm just a normal human being."

The corners of the mouth of the demon, who was lost in thought with shocked eyes, strangely tore.

“Cheuk, that’s right, that’s it!”

The murderous spirits that rose from the demons assimilated with those of the comrades standing behind them and bloomed like fireworks.

“Keugh!”

Veterus and Marin hurriedly took a defensive posture, but if they acted, it was impossible to block them.

"What are you doing?"

Marin shouted at Lian, who was still watching.

“You have to stop it quickly!”

Even if it is not the realm of Yahweh, it is not a sirone that will be beaten by 30 demons.

However, there was a deeper meaning to the reason why Lian didn't move.

"Guys! Opportunity!”

Demons with their sharp teeth exposed, gathered at Sirone with thumping footsteps.

“Abominable Yahweh, no, a human being! From now on, I'll rub all over your flesh

weekend!"

The moment the demon called by Sirone stood up arrogantly and raised his claws, Sirone said.

“And now.”

A radiance of light spread from Sirone's body and rose like a haze.

“He became Yahweh again.”

It was the light of Yahweh.

Looking at the haze of light that rose to a height of 10 meters, the demons were devastated.

“Bad baby.”

Seeing Sirone cursed by the demons, Lian burst into laughter.

'Realization is not about losing.' It's just a certain form of spirit that can be reached at any time by flipping the mind.

Of course, reversing that mind is the most difficult thing for someone, but the wizard was an expert in handling the mind.

"come here."

When Sirone, enveloped in light, gestured, the legs of the demons trembled.

However, I couldn't refuse, and the demon with the raised nails quietly sat down.

As Sirone stretched out her hand toward the red and vicious face, the demon's eyes were tightly closed.

"sorry."

At first, I doubted my ears.

When she opened her eyes to the gentle caress of her cheek, Sirone's eyes were filled with sadness.

“I didn’t try to understand with my heart. They judged only by the result without looking at the cause.”

Just like Veterus had cut Syrone.

“The cause of your birth lies in humans. Since I was born from evil in the first place, it must be unfair.”

The demon trembled.

“What are you doing now? Saying something like that will only give you hives.”

“Repent. Let’s save the world together with me.”

The demon lowered his head.

“… … Thank you for saying that.”

I could feel the incomparable sense of life in the body of the slowly rising demon.

“We can't do that. Just as you cannot live without eating, this is natural for Ma.”

Sirone's eyelids fell halfway down.

“This is your last chance.”

“Yahweh, destroy us. If you could suffer from that, the demons attacked at the same time.

“The best fun for us!”

The moment 30 of them attacked Sirone, there was an explosion of light that was blinding.

Hundreds of light curtains per second hit the eardrums, leaving no trace of the demons.

"oh my god… …

Marin couldn't even figure out what had happened, and neither did Veterus.

“Is this magic?”

No wizard on the battlefield could turn the demons into powder in such a short time.

The survivors who looked down on Sirone quietly retreated, but Sirone was immersed in other thoughts.

'My pain is my pleasure.'

We reached the stage of understanding them, but true fraternity still seemed far away.

“Let’s go, Lian.”

When Sirone jumped up and stood up, Lian silently followed behind.

"Please wait a moment!"

Veterus came over and knelt down.

“Take me with you! please!"

Marin did not lose and joined.

“Me too! I beg you to follow in the footsteps of the great prosecutor.”

I didn't want to take Sirone with me.

No one seemed to be able to accept it until he apologized to the Ogent family.

said Ryan.

“If they follow us, what about the remaining survivors? Weren't you guys responsible?"

“That, that… …

“Forget what happened today. It doesn't matter what you guys did. We go our way.”

Veterus bit his lip.

'damn! this opportunity... … Rian said it didn't matter, but Veterus couldn't regret ignoring Sirone that much.

'I should have noticed from the beginning. If I had been good, I would have taken him... …

Lian turned to Sirone.

“It’s raining, will you be okay? Would you rather ask?”

"no. It's done now.”

When Sirone lightly threw <Law Kill> and activated the ability of the material, metal began to stick to it.

What landed with a thud was a gigantic quadrupedal monster.

“Let’s go by watering can.”

Rian nodded and got on the sprinkler, and Shiro-you slowly followed.

The stares of the survivors, who were surprised to see the water spray, were clearly felt on the back of Sirone's head.

Sirone stopped walking and raised her head.

“Rian.”

Ryan realized what he wanted to say.

“Do whatever you want.”

The responsibility of killing Guy was too much for her, so Sirone didn't want to take responsibility for anything for the time being.

'but… …

You can't do anything wrong.

“Everyone follow me. I’ll give you a ride until there is a city nearby.”

Survivors looked bewildered.

“Hey, are you taking us?”

She wasn't the type to dwell on decisions she had already made, so Sirone smiled.

"yes. It's dangerous here. Let's go somewhere safe.”

Sirone also said this to Veterus.

“I simply pack the necessary items and food. We will leave in 10 minutes.”

"why… …

Beterus was puzzled.

“Why do you care about us? Didn't you even recognize the great wizard and rather look down on him?”

“I really don’t know, so I wouldn’t ask.”

Sirone put her hand on the body of the sprayer.

“It is right to do this.”

The reason I didn't go into trivial explanations was because everyone knew.

“But no one lives like that.”

Maybe that's true too.

"yes."

As the material's ability was strengthened, the size of the spray began to expand to a tremendous size.

Sirone looked back at Veterus and smiled sadly.

"That's why it's so hard." the realm of Yahweh.

Although he wouldn't understand even one hundredth of it, he seemed to know what Sirone was carrying.

“I will prepare it as soon as possible.”

As Veterus went to pack food, Mar Lin hurriedly stood up and took command of the survivors.

'Sirone.'

Lian looked down at Sirone with eyes full of affection.

'You say I'm great, but I don't have the confidence to live like you.'

That's why it became Sirone's sword.

'It's really strange. That you're doing the right thing and yet everyone doubts you.'

Sirone was not wrong.

"hurry. move quickly.”

100 survivors who finished their preparations to leave in perfect order boarded the sprinklers.

A normal monster would have broken its leg bones, but the metal sprayer didn't budge.

As he moved his steps with a thumping ground, even the wizard Veterus' face turned pale.

“It is so big that you might get motion sickness. I will speed it up though.”

As 〈Law Killing〉 accelerated the spray, his legs began to move at the speed of riding a horse.

“Aaaaaaa!”

People's screams echoed through the desolate city.

There was an emergency at the command of the temple.

"report! An army of 3 million demons is advancing from the southeast of the Ketler Mountains!”

“Report! The Altras region has been occupied. The scale of damage reaches 400,000 people!”

The rookie's expression darkened at the sad news pouring in from all sides of the army.

"damn."

The fact that the Gustav Empire had completely disappeared from the map had already been heard through emergency intelligence.

'It was done so neatly.'

It may not have been Sirone's intention, but complete extinction without even needing to turn the horse's head toward the main base.

Absorbing the remaining demons and waiting for the right time would be a way, but Havitz's military Vulcan didn't give it time.

"report! The port city of Tostra has suffered. The scale of damage reaches 1 million people.”

When I reached that point, Iruki hit One Tak hard.

“Aaaaaa! Aaaaaa!”

400,000, 1,000,000, if you say it out loud, it would be a sufficient number.

“You bastards like dogs!”

If I were to recite a life that resembles that number, it would not be enough even if it took one person's entire life.

“How are you? There is no way to stop it.”

Iruki checked the entire map.

Tormia was the gathering place for the army of hell pouring in from all directions, and time was running out.

“The way… …

There is not.

However, if Iruki commercialized this technology, humans wouldn't be safe either.

'Pandora's box.'

Another report came in. 200,000 died.

'I'm sorry, Sirone.'

At the end of humanity, Iruki suddenly remembered his days at Alpheas Magic School.

“I will go to Tormia.” The commanders turned to Iruki.

“Now? Rather, is the soldier talking directly?”

“If you procrastinate, you will miss even the only opportunity. I'll be gone for a while. Please assemble a follow-up team.”

Iruki, who was heading towards the door, turned around again.

“Oh, and call Nade. Please tell me that you will meet and tell me the reason.”

It was time to mobilize connections.