[731] Body (4)

* * *

Emperor Aganos.

The manager of the 3.8th floor, where the Archmage was asleep, entered Uorin's room along with Gando.

“Empress, Sirone's debts have all been repaid.”

When no answer came back, the manager looked carefully and added his words.

“I didn’t leave any debt behind.”

It was Uorin's order.

'But it may not be Theaze's judgment.'

Gando thought so.

Originally, it was appropriate to plan for the decisive moment by leaving one second of room in Sirone's debt.

In return, it was not a waste to put one of the great wizards in the empire to sleep forever.

'What made the queen change?'

Uorin said in a soft voice.

"I get it. There will be a reward sooner or later.”

The caretaker waved his hand angrily.

"no. Sosin expects something like that... … .”

"receive. He suffered a lot during that time.”

“Your last name is ruined.”

No matter how deep the manager's loyalty was, the reward of Uorin, which was the most distributed in the world, made my heart race.

“Empress, why did you give such an order?”

When the manager left the room, Gando asked.

Even the empress of an empire could fall in love, but a clouded judgment did not suit Theraje.

“Nothing has changed. It's just remaking the board.”

Gando does not know yet.

After Sirone accepted the proposal of Karatorsa, the Mudeung Dragon, what kind of pain Uorin had been waiting for today.

'This is the world where Sirone lives.'

I can finally meet you.

“Gando, the world will change. All the things we have so far neglected will come upon us.”

What really matters is... … .

Uorin finally turned around and said with a warm smile that he hadn't seen before.

“This is the beginning of a true Great Purification.”

* * *

Ymir's fist cut through the air and wept.

'What happened?'

His body is so hard that even if he throws his heart punch at the speed of thought, there is no crack in the slightest.

'Simta caught.'

However, when the actions of the body went against the result, the damage to the mind was considerable.

'An angel's ability?'

According to his memory, the magic circle that the wizard had just cast was Ikasa's Valhalla action.

Sirone, who rolled on the ground holding on to the voice, frowned.

“Keugh!”

It attracted all the time of 19,000 people and surpassed the super theater of voice, but the shock the body received was beyond imagination.

'This is Ymir... … .'

He had dealt with many strong enemies, but he was the first one to warp space-time with the power of his body.

“Princess! Are you all right!”

As the etheric wave disappeared and the space returned, Mungyeong checked the comfort of the voice.

“Princess… … !”

What finally caught my eye was the figure of Sirone lying on top of the voice.

'Oh, how... … ?'

As Mungyeong was shocked, Seongeum's eyelids slowly opened.

“Mmm.”

“Are you out of your mind? If you're a little late, you'll be in big trouble."

Sirone knew better than anyone else the dangers of opening immortal functions to the limit.

"huh?"

Seongeum blinked at the surreal sight without even having time to recall the memories from a while ago.

Sirone's face filled his field of vision.

'weird. Why are you so close?'

The moment when you can feel the weight of Sirone pressing against your skin and lying down in an embarrassing position.

"uh? uhh... … .”

Neither the brilliant wisdom nor the cold rationality disappeared, and only unknown shocks swirled in my head.

“You you you, you you you… … !”

It was the first time Mungyeong had ever seen Seongeum stuttering so badly.

“Gaga-ga, dare! me, my body... … !”

Before she could finish her words, Sirone lifted her voice and cast teleportation to distance herself from Ymir.

"Wake. It's not over yet.”

During the brief moment of teleportation, the voice reminded of Ymir's existence and pushed Sirone to her feet.

“Hmph, I just underestimated my opponent.”

Indeed, he had judgment worthy of an ivory tower candidate, but he could not hide his face as hot as persimmon.

'What kind of bullshit is this... … .'

Because she had never allowed anyone else's touch, the weight of Sirone was still vivid.

'Getting help from a competitor.'

However, he couldn't repay the favor of the person who saved his life with ingratitude, which only burned his stomach.

“They are absurd.”

It was Ymir's fighting spirit that seemed to transcend the limits of living things that brought back the spirit of the voice.

Sirone spoke while watching Ymir, who was stooping as if he was about to jump out at any moment.

"be careful. If we don't get it done here... … .”

"Know."

Seongeum's eyes regained their usual anticipation.

“I will take responsibility. I will never let that monster into the world.”

Although it was nothing more than the molars of the main body, it was a force that could end a city in an instant.

“I don’t think you guys woke me up… … .”

When it comes to combat, Ymir's animalistic sense of smell never fails.

“Simta?”

The moment Ymir's eyes widened, Sirone and Seongeum felt their bodies twist.

'Great pressing... … !'

It was an eye technique that was on a different level from anything I had ever experienced.

"die."

It seemed as if the ground collapsed silently, but soon after, a roar erupted and Ymir's body disappeared.

'come!'

It was a speed that could not be avoided with a simple sense of shock, and the magic circle of Valhalla action appeared above Sirone's head.

'what?'

The calculation to reverse the causal effect was completed, but the spirit zone staggered and shook due to overloading.

'no! If this breaks... … !'

The incident that 19,000 sirones were going through would also disappear in vain.

“Sirone!”

Before Lian's voice could reach him, Ymir swerved at terrifying speed.

'This is the guy!'

Indeed, as the fighting instincts were awakened after a long time, I felt that each cell was sparkling.

'Are you a prosecutor?'

The moment Lian's eyes met.

'It was cut.'

Having his heart cut first meant that the swordsman in front of him was using the same skill as himself.

“Huh!”

As Ymir lifted his arms to block the big sword, veins rose on both of Lian's temples.

'damn! I'm blocked!'

It was the shock of Shimta that I experienced for the first time.

“What are you?”

It was a familiar smell, and therefore unpleasant, but Lian's appearance was not in Ymir's memory.

“Ymir?”

As Lian, who belatedly realized his identity, raised his eyes, Ymir kicked him in the stomach.

“Annoying.”

With a crackling sound, the elbow part snapped, and Lian's torso flew straight like a cannonball.

“Lian!”

Kido, who arrived late, got it, but couldn't handle the shock and rolled on the floor.

“Aaaagh!”

Lian, who had managed to balance herself, stared at Ymir while on her knees.

His own two arms were dangling from the handle of the great straight sword embedded in the giant's arm.

“Ymir.”

Since I met him in heaven, the memories of striking him with a sword while thinking of him countless times passed by like a kaleidoscope.

“Hmm, it’s a sword. Even so... … .”

Ymir, who pulled out his great sword and let go of Lian's arm, erected <Idea>

“There aren’t that many swords that can cut through my muscles.”

Ymir held the sword horizontally, grabbed the handle and the edge of the blade, and applied force as if it would bend.

“Whoa!”

As the force beyond imagination was applied, the space around Ymir began to sway.

“Goaaaaaa!”

Finally, all the air was sucked in and an explosion shook Andre.

Woo woo woo!

Mungyeong turned her head at the roar, looked at Ymir again, and her face turned pale.

'I-I can't do that.'

Even the slightest deformation was not applied to <idea> despite the power that can kill a person only with wind pressure.

“Quack. Kkkkkkkkk.”

Ymir nodded and turned to Lian.

“Now I understand, why did you wake up?”

The degree of straightness is probably an object.

However, as far as Ymir knew, there was only one being who could imagine an indestructible concept.

“How are you and Ogent?”

Lian bent her broken arm and stood up.

“I am Ogentrian.”

"huh? Ogent?”

Ymir raised an eyebrow.

Lian's thick lines and masculine appearance did not show any nostalgia for Augent.

“I don’t remember… … .”

Unlike the other parts, Ymir's molars had been buried independently in the ruins for a very long time.

"Well, you'll know once you hit it with your body."

That was Ymir's way, and he grabbed the great sword like a spear and threw it with great force.

thud! thud! thud! thud!

Lian's expression distorted as he watched his sword pierce the wall and disappear.

Ymir said, shaking his palms.

“It is not a sword that can be wielded by clumsily copying it.”

He would not have realized the true horror of <Idea>

“Should we start by dealing with the intruders first?”

When Ymir turned around, Mungyeong, who was guarding the Seongeum, drew his sword and shouted.

“Shut up! who will do that... … !”

His words were cut off, and Sirone and Seongeum also looked over Ymir's shoulders with shocked eyes.

Awesome! Awesome!

When Ymir, who was frightened by the unique sound of a creature being destroyed, slowly turned his head.

“Lee, Lian… … .”

Kido, who had hit his butt, was trembling as he looked up at a goblin resembling Lian.

"I've been waiting for this day, Ymir."

Ymir was always at the tip of the sword.

"okay? I don't know who you are?"

Lian's back exploded, and the ruptured muscle fibers fluttered like a haze.

“Don't take a step from there and come to me. You will regret it otherwise.”

Lian's incarnation technique is usually strong, but... … .

“Funny. What do you expect to happen?”

The enemy he is facing now is Ymir, the king of giants, who is said to be the strongest creature in history.

“Great!”

Lian's eyes rolled over, and the fluttering muscle fibers were quickly twisted and sucked into his body.

The shape of the muscles, which were completely different from those of humans and seemed to be made only for battle, seemed to be looking at a goblin.

Divine Transcendence - Phantasmal Metamorphosis.

“Imitation that is not the same… … !”

As Lian broke the ground and rushed in, Ymir twisted his upper body with terrifying force.

On the seesaw of leveled time, the time when the bodies of the two moved slowly as if they would never reach it.

“Yaaaaaa!”

Volumes were exchanged at the speed of thought.

'Shim Kwon! Simta! Shim Kwon! Simta! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Simta! Shim Kwon!'

Mungyeong trembled as Andre was embroidered with the sound of meat being ground.

'What the heck... … .'

It felt like the pain was transmitted just by the sound.

'What happened to a human being?'

Ymir was curious for the first time.

'It's Ogent Lian. Ogent... … huh?'

Ymir's eyes tightened as he checked Rian's face in the pouring fist.

'Blue hair.'

not an ogent

'Right.'

That's how it went on.

'Smille!'

Ymir exploded with joy as he glared at Lian's heart, which stretched at a tremendous speed.

"It's been a while, Ogent!"

With a popping sound, each other's jaws turned at the same time, and the eyes of those who watched were tightly closed.

“Gagging!”

A molar came out of Ymir's mouth and penetrated the labyrinth with great power.

Aaaaaang!

Mungyeong's gaze turned back to Ymir, shocked at the hole in the cave wall.

“Two!”

He spat on the floor and wiped his lips.

“… … Second.”

---------------------------------------