[394] Highland Capture (3)

From the 3rd round, the screamer team withdrew their spear-to-spear tactics and used advanced strategies. Winger Pony crossed over to the center line and was running with Suabi.

'I put on a shift. As expected, it's not easy.'

If there are 3 people in the center line, the left line is discarded.

As expected, Luman completely retreated to the hill and covered all three lines.

Upon entering the radius of the Rhythm of Death, Suabi's concentration was disturbed. Then Pony cast a spell.

refresh.

As a sense of refreshment flooded Suabi's mind, the effect of the Rhythm of Death disappeared completely.

It has no physical defense, but it is the best rare magic that blocks most crowd control.

It wasn't an exaggeration to say that refreshing alone was enough to make it worth including a water magician in the party.

"ha ha ha! how is it? Can this be stopped?"

Equipped with a combat package, the screamer turned back into an armed force and swept across the battlefield.

Maya kept her magic to the end. He couldn't cut Suabi, but he was doing more than a guard just by tying Pony's presence to one refresh.

'As expected, Suabi is the key. It was like that last year too... … That kid is really amazing too.'

The duration of the 20 combat packages' buffs is different, so the duration of the buff for sight-enhancing buff is 1.13 seconds and the duration of the buff for strengthening muscular endurance is 1.78 seconds.

At first, they walk in order, but after about 20 cycles, the buff with a short duration cycles 1-2 more cycles, intervening in the middle.

Moreover, it was not nonsense that it was a series that required the most concentration among wizards, as it had to calculate the time spent on rotation.

'Tick-tock tick-tock. Tok. Tactic Tick. Tactic tick.'

Therefore, utility wizards use a unique technique called cross force, unlike normal force.

That is, after placing the cross-shaped intersection and mounting the battery in the center, the reserved batteries are collided toward the center from four directions.

The reason why the 20 types of buff cycles can be turned at the correct time is thanks to the unique rhythm called 'tick toc tak tick'.

'Tick' when hitting in the vertical direction, 'Tok' when hitting in the horizontal direction, and 'Tak' when hitting again in the same direction are set to feel the error of 0.several seconds as a rhythm.

'Tick tick tick tick tock tick tick tick tock tick tick tock.'

puff. boom boom. Boom. puffer puffer.

Iruki carefully watched the explosion effect above the screamer's head in a unique rhythm.

'0.11 seconds. 0.23 seconds. 0.38 seconds. 0.49 seconds… … .'

It's a really machine-accurate cycle. The speed at which the battery is replaced at high speed is also worthy of applause.

'I'll end it here.'

However, that too was just a phenomenon occurring within Iruki's Servant Calculation.

cancellation.

As the screamer's strength-enhancing buff was cancelled, Suabi, who was maintaining a tick tock tick tick, frowned.

Then, as the sight-enhancing and flexibility-enhancing buffs disappeared, the rhythm of the Cross Force began to get tangled.

'No matter how fast a Servant is, it's against the rules.'

The reason cancellation is a difficult spell is that the vector amount of the spell must be reversed perfectly.

But that, too, was a different matter from reading the passing battery at a rate of four times per second.

In a word, even while analyzing the amount of battery and vector of omnipotence without a single error, Iruki thought faster than Suabi.

“What is it, Suabi!”

The screamer looked back and shouted. She had never made mistakes in the Force, so her current situation was unacceptable.

“Where are you looking during the match?”

The screamer hurriedly turned his head. As both of Nade's hands were pushed, the lightning shock exploded.

“Keugh! This bastard!”

The screamer's body went into a stun state.

"what? A pig-picking sound?”

Nade raised his fist in place of Sirone.

“Cry out with a pig-picking sound!”

The head of the screamer who was hit in the jaw with a straight turn turned to the side as if it would break.

Meanwhile, in the camp of the screamer team, Luman was doing his best to stop Sirone and Amy.

Blinds, slow traps, air presses, and various other crowd control techniques are killing time, but these forward link combinations really suck.

"damn! Damn Hong’an!”

Amy's red eyes are the nemesis of crowd control.

No matter what crowd control came in, it was impossible to control because the self-image memory reset the mind.

'I can't. Let's cut Sirone.'

Sirone's durability was also formidable, but at least it was more likely to get caught in crowd control than the red face.

'The subject that is uglier than me is popular.'

Luhmann is driven by personal feelings. Because he believes he is the best.

To him, who thought he was handsome if he lost weight, Sirone was definitely a political opponent worth punishing.

“You must have even kissed Amy!”

“What are you talking about, you idiot!”

As Luhmann's mountain range exploded, a huge barrier reaching a height of 10 meters separated the two.

'Amy has been removed, air fresh here!'

As the strong atmospheric pressure pressed down, Sirone stopped moving. Aiming for that gap, Luman kicked off the ground and flew.

After bypassing the barrier, Amy widened her eyes.

Luman's stomach, which was bent like a bow, was pushed out, exposing his belly button. The molars clenched hard, crumpling her face with all her might.

“Sirone! damage!"

It was clear that Luhman's long-term skill was the Spirit Hammer.

A non-attribute anti-magic type of crowd control that causes spirit zones to collide and stun.

It is often compared to a headbutting technique, but the spirit hammer was also possible because the victim received the impact energy as well.

'Sirone and what, I'll smash it!'

Luman intended to strike down with all his might.

As proven in the survival test, it is no exaggeration to say that Sirone's durability is the strongest in the graduating class. However, the stronger the Spirit Hammer strikes, the greater the impact on the affected side.

Staking the pride of a crowd control wizard, embracing the pride of the most handsome graduating class, destroying Sirone in one shot.

“Goaaaaaaaa!”

Seeing the hideous figure of Luman, Sirone instinctively equipped herself with a mental state of defense. At the same time as Spirit Zone changed to a defensive type, Ruman bounced his stomach and swung his forehead.

Whoa!

“Aww!”

Sirone frowned and stepped back.

It wasn't actually a blow to the head, but it felt like someone had hit the skull with a hammer.

“Sirone! are you okay?"

Amy hurriedly came running. Even from a distance, the Spirit Hammer entered properly.

'But why is there no follow-up?'

When Amy turned her head, Luman was standing there with a sigh. Then, suddenly, her nose bleeds and she struggles through her sluggish body, then hits her buttock.

Sitting with both arms on the ground, Luman's eyes were completely open.

Although the anti-magic system was originally a seesaw game, the spirit hammer was a magic that the attacker had an unconditional advantage.

Even so, when he cast the Spirit Hammer, it was a shock enough to blow his mind away.

Is this what it feels like to have your head in an adamantine stone?

'Oh, Mr.... … ! What are you going to do if you're this hard?'

After attacking, he was stunned in reverse, so he didn't even have the strength to stand up. By the end of the third round, it seemed that his spirit would begin to recover.

“Now! let's go!"

Sirone ran up the hill past Luman.

Amy, who was looking at the friendly camp, was also beaten by Nade, and after confirming that the screamer's jaw was spinning, she followed.

Eider struggled by firing an air gun, but was forced to retreat outside the range due to Sirone's wide range.

Meanwhile, Amy drew the flag.

- End of round 3. Round 4 begins in 5 minutes.

Everyone's movements stopped and the tension was released.

However, there was still life in the eyes of the screamer.

Although he had a lot of temper after entering magic school, he couldn't handle the shame of being punched by a wizard.

"Are you crazy? How dare you hit me?”

Nade said with a snort.

"why? can you do anything If you did the right thing, it's right, do you get angry with that?”

The screamer suddenly closed the gap and thrust his face in.

"okay? Shall we hang out outside? If you're a wizard, use magic. Don't even think about punching me in front of me.”

Nade kept his mouth shut.

The fight between the winner and the loser couldn't excite him. If it is a fight in which one person must die, can he be provoked so easily even then?

"joy! You coward!”

When the screamer returned, Nade looked back at his friends with a bright expression on his face as if he had never done that.

"Cheer up! reverse! We'll keep going like this!”

Sirone asked.

"what's the matter? What did the screamer say?"

"huh? i don't know, i forgot Anyway Maya! How was I?”

Maya figured out why Nade hit the screamer. It was a blow to her on behalf of her party to her confrontation.

"huh! I felt relieved! Thanks, Nade.”

It must have been bothering me that I had kept my distance lately.

Actually, I was cold because of Sirone, but I felt sorry and thankful that they thought that way.

“I’m glad Maya is here. Even though it’s a guard, it applies a debuff, so even the enemies are wandering around.”

"lol! I will work hard for the next round too!”

Nade and Iruki looked back at each other as Maya's face turned red. It was a 180 degree change from a few days ago.

'I was praised by Sirone... … .'

Maya didn't want to hide her feelings any longer.

There was a chance to stop. But she was willing to jump into hell. If so, wouldn't it be okay to enjoy at least this trivial pleasure?

Meanwhile, Screamer frowned at Luman sitting there like a defeated soldier.

It is said that he hit Sirone with a spirit hammer and became like this. No matter how much he lived for his own taste, he couldn't help but make an absurd judgment.

“Why did you do that? You know Sirone's durability, right?”

“Then what about Hong An? Pour water into the bottomless jar. Wouldn't it be better to break Sirone? Aww, but that guy really has a stone head. I am dying of pain.”

The screamer let out a sigh.

“How are you anyway? Will you recover?”

said Pony.

“I put the refresh on. But until the next round, I think I'll have to buy myself.”

Ruman turned to Pony and said.

“Don’t do that, and rub your hair. It still throbs.”

A vein rose from Pony's temple.

How dare you give yourself a massage as a member of the royal family.

In particular, Ruhman was the most hated man in the senior class, except for Fermi and his friends.

'You can't hurt teamwork. I don't want to hear that you lost because of me.'

Enduring the thought of killing people three times, Pony rubbed her hair behind Luman's back.

A thick moan escaped Luman's mouth whenever his thin fingers tickled his head.

“Aww, that’s cool. Screamer anyway. After this confrontation, I will introduce you to a pretty woman, right?”

Pony's fingers tightened even more. I couldn't understand Luhmann's way of thinking, using life-threatening evaluations for personal use.

But after all, it was a magical world.

Luman also knows his personality. If he had skills, no matter how eccentric he was, it was the kind of wizards who would be recognized.

“To be precise, if you win. So please recover as soon as possible. What's the shame if you lose?”

"joy! Just charge it up this round. Then go straight to 5 and you’re done.”

At present, Luhmann's strategy was the most realistic. Besides, it was clear that the Sirone team would save themselves in this round at least because of Maya.

The guard position had nothing to do except defense, but Maya had already been casting magic nonstop for the 3rd round to interfere with Suabi.

'Because the basic skills are low, I must have been exhausted.'

said the screamer, who made the decision.

“Okay, let’s take some time. But that doesn't mean giving up the round. When the opportunity arises, let’s hit it right away and run.”

---------------------------------------