[36] Bridge I Can't Cross (3)

'sorry. We have to make a living too.'

The male student closed his eyes tightly and cast a teleportation towards Sirone.

In the event of a collision, fatal injuries are unavoidable.

“Keugh!”

A groan escaped from fear, but I did not feel the shock I was prepared for.

When I opened my eyes, Sirone was still beside me.

'I changed direction.'

Avoiding would be better than committing suicide, but since I lost money on the street, victory seemed to be over the water.

The girls and boys crashed down with satisfied expressions, and Mark took the lead from Sirone.

'this… … !'

Shirone, whose compulsion to repeat was cut off by avoiding a moment ago, gritted her teeth and focused her mind to raise the tempo of her teleportation.

“Wasn’t those kids moving a little weird just now?”

A word came from the advanced class students.

“I felt that way too. Maybe it got tangled up overdoing it? I really wouldn't have tried to bump into you."

“No, I bumped into her on purpose.”

The students of Class Five looked back.

The main character with a voice as thin as metal was Class Five's Mercody Iruki.

She was the person who had given advice to Sirone at the Image Zone before, and had a skinny body with paired eyes and jagged teeth.

“How can you be sure of that? In this case, you have a heart attack, but you don’t know unless you are the person involved.”

Iruki, who spread his palms, said as he raised his fist.

“One person blocks the road and hits it from the side. It's a great strategy to block the immediacy of teleportation and space jump, both at the same time. If Sirone hadn't dodged it, the match would have ended here. Of course, if it were me, I would have been able to calculate the equations of motion and get out of the way at the last minute.”

The classmates turned their heads back toward the exam hall.

'He pretends to be filthy and proud.'

Meanwhile, Sirone, who had a gap with Mark, began to get nervous little by little.

The remaining distance is 350 meters.

By the time halfway through, all participants had been eliminated except for Sirone and Mark.

'Win! I won!'

The moment he was sure of winning first place, Mark shuddered.

There was no one in front of him, and he didn't even feel tired even after casting teleportation close to 40 times.

'Today I am different from usual. I'm the one who passed!'

The high-speed promotion of Class Five, the envious faces of class 6 seniors, and the humiliation of Class 6 seniors flashed through his mind.

"ha ha ha! I am number one!”

As Mark accelerated the speed of teleportation, the distance with Sirone began to widen.

'then… … .'

As the sirone's rhythm suddenly sped up, the teleportation's gong sound resonated like drumming.

The excitement of the students was at its peak.

“Sirone is starting to catch up! This is where we fight!”

"mark! more! sooner! More, more, more!”

At that time, a strange change was detected in Mark's eyes.

The iron bars of the bridge that could not be crossed were bent geometrically and began to approach at tremendous speed.

If the tip of the toe is caught, fractures are the norm, and a fall cannot be avoided because the center of gravity is broken.

-warning. warning. Activates the trachea of ​​the impassable bridge. Level 10. Level 10.

The students in the advanced class were frightened.

“Level 10?”

The highest difficulty of the bridge that cannot be crossed.

It was the first time that even the upper class of the advanced class had an iron bar bent in such a hideous form.

“How the hell did this happen! All of a sudden, the engine unit starts working!”

Teachers are confused.

It was not enough that the safety device was turned off, and the trap of the highest difficulty had been activated.

“What is Mr. Sade doing! You went to the engine room!”

“Principal, what should I do? The promotion test is... … .”

Alpheas clicked his tongue as he looked at the bent iron bar that was about to attack Sirone and Mark.

I wanted to respect their will as much as possible because I know what kind of resolution the students are facing for the graduation exam, but the story is different when it comes to the level 10 bridge that cannot be crossed.

'In the first place, there is no discrimination itself. I can't pass with those children's classes.'

Alpheas said bitterly.

“Cancel the test and turn off the engine device.”

At the same time as the horse fell, a flash of light soared into the sky of the test site.

It was Shiina who left for the engine room in search of THAAD.

* * *

Meanwhile, Saad, unaware of the situation at the test site, approached the entrance of the engine room, snorting.

"shit! Just try to catch someone!”

It was clear that the school's bad boys were playing tricks, since the staff in charge wouldn't disarm the engine device unless they went crazy.

"whoever… … !”

I screamed and turned the doorknob roughly, but I heard a click and a locked sound from inside.

“This bastard!”

As I opened the spirit zone, I felt someone sitting with my back to me from inside the door.

Said Sade, who lit a fire in his hand.

"open it. I'm going to cast a fire strike. If you don't open it, I'll blow you up too.”

"does not matter. No, please do so, sir.”

Unexpectedly, it was Maria's voice.

Although she was not her full-time teacher, she was a student who attended school before Sade took office, so there was no misunderstanding.

“Are you Maria? What is this?”

“I'm sorry, sir. Please do not forgive me.”

“Open the door. Let’s talk face to face first.”

“I will be expelled now, right? No, will I go to jail?”

“No, Maria. I don't know what the circumstances are, but the teacher will listen. Open the door first.”

"does not matter. I don't want to live. I wish I could just die like this.”

THAAD put to rest the blazing fire.

"ha. Yeah, if you don't want to come out, don't come out.”

Judging by Maria's usual behavior, she was insane, and if that was the case, there would be no use in smashing the door.

Saad sat with his back against the iron gate and looked up at the sky of Alpheas Magic School, which he thought was boring as a child.

Maria's heart calmed down a bit just because she wasn't threatened to come out right away.

"teacher."

"why?"

“Do you hate me?”

“I don’t hate women.”

Basically, he likes women, but what he said now was Saadman's eccentric conviction that had a different weight.

“Why is the world so unfair?”

"haha! Don't you hate being unfair? It is rare to be born as beautiful as you.”

“The teacher who is called a genius wizard doesn’t know what it is like to have no talent. Even if I want to do well, despair precedes me. I feel like I can't do anything. Do you know how depressing that feels?”

“… … know."

Maria turned her head toward the iron door.

“Are you a teacher?”

“Since I graduated at the age of 22, it has already been 4 years since I became a teacher. I must have been in the graduating class when you entered the school. You know I'm from here, right?"

"yes."

“Then think about it. Have you ever heard of a student named Saad attending this school?”

Come to think of it, I didn't remember it at all.

It was unusual to look at the case of Sirone, who went up and down among students as soon as she entered school.

"no. I never heard of it.”

“I guess so. My grades are below average, I don’t have any talent, but I don’t have a strong family, and I always went around fighting outside of school.”

“Are you a teacher?”

"okay. Every time I skipped a class, I filled up two full years. In my senior year, I knelt down for three years. haha! Of course, things look a little better than you now.”

Sade said, imagining Maria's sullen expression.

“But isn’t it the same anyway? As long as you can't be the best, everyone is bound to break at some point. So did I. Somehow I made it to my senior year, but I failed every time.”

“But how… … .”

“Are you a good teacher? It's all luck, luck. I said I did my best, but I didn't do it as well as others, and struggling to beat someone is also irritating. But one day, someone said this to me.”

Sade said, recalling the time.

“The reason you can’t win a competition is not because you can’t win, it’s because you don’t want to win.”

Maria muttered the words quietly.

“Maria, you don't have to beat someone. If you like magic, that's it. There are people in this world who don't want to compete with anyone. Just like me.”

The 10-year-old girl who entered the school because she liked magic was now in a state of disrepair after 9 years.

“My life has changed since I met him. When you think about it, it's really freaky. To say such things after being a teacher.”

“Was he your teacher?”

"okay. My teacher, Principal Alfeas.”

Maria's head jerked.

"yes? Are you the principal?”

“From that day on, I became a formal disciple and received personal guidance. It's a huge perk. Thanks to you, my life has changed. I was taught by a famous wizard on the continent, so wouldn't a guy like me who was like a dog chap live while listening to the sound of a genius? how is it? Are you envious? Life is all about luck, luck. ha ha ha!"

Maria was depressed again.

“So what I want to say is, the world is unfair after all. Some people are born with talent, while others jump into the competition like evil. But even for someone like me who has no talent and hates competition, sometimes miracles happen. Isn’t that why everyone lives with hope?”

Saad robbed his seat and got up and turned around.

“A miracle can happen to anyone. It's a waste of time to give up already. How about doing just a little bit more, a little bit more?”

Maria buried her face in her lap.

“Should I, who have no talent, walk my life waiting for a miracle that may or may not come? What if it doesn't come? Then what will happen to me?”

“What are you talking about, Maria?”

Sad put his hand on the iron gate and smiled.

“Like this, a miracle has come to you as well.”

Tears welled up in Maria's eyes.

“Let’s try again with me. I haven't been on the winning streak like the others, but don't judge yourself already. Maybe I was just really unlucky. Maybe the method was wrong. School classes are not effective for everyone. So can I leave you alone once more? I will definitely make you a wizard.”

Maria covered her face with both hands.

“Sir, really? Can I too?”

"you can do it. If magic is everything in your life, you never have to give it up.”

There was a rattling sound, and Maria, who opened the lock with puffy eyes, called out hastily.

"teacher! Quick device... … . device... … !”

"huh? Device?"

Even if you jump 700 meters, it won't take that long if it's teleportation magic.

By now, they would be heading towards the end of the test, and judging from the fact that there had been no news so far, it seemed that the promotion test had been completed safely with the skills of the teachers.

At that moment, the flash crashed with a sharp sound as if betraying THAAD's expectations.

“Mr. Sad! What are you doing!”

Shiina's face as she rushed forward with her eyes lit was a mix of anger and urgency.

While trying to grab Sade by the collar, she found Maria and put on a bewildered expression.

"Maria? Why are you here?”

Sade asked.

"why? Is something going on?”

Shiina shouted again.

“Quickly disarm the engine device! The difficulty of the bridge you can't cross has been set to level 10!”

"yes?"

Didn't it just disable the safety device?

Sade remembered Maria's words, realized that it was true, and hurriedly turned to the engine room.

Then, another ray of light crept in.

Ethella, who had flown in through space movement, found Shiina and Sade, and hurriedly ran towards them.

"teacher! It's a big deal, a big deal!"

Literally, a super-large trap was activated, so Shiina was startled with fear.

“Why are you like that? Even if it's an accident... … ?”

Ethella shouted with shocked eyes.

“Sirone is… … Sirone!”

---------------------------------------