[186] 4. Reversal of the Law (7)

The whirlpool serpent split the shadow into dozens of strands and attacked Sirone.

Sirone was defenseless against the tentacle attack from all directions.

At that moment, the laser scattered and spread out in several lines.

The strategy of dispersing energy and destroying each battle was an excellent choice. However, the decrease in damage per second was unavoidable.

Shadows thicker than the giant's thighs pushed up to Sirone.

People watching screamed. I had the illusion that Sirone's body would be torn to pieces sooner or later.

One tentacle could not withstand the accumulation of energy and exploded. Then all the tentacles exploded simultaneously.

The explosions that followed tail after tail pushed into the body, the main body.

The whirlpool snake stretched out new tentacles, but Sirone knew by now that the tentacles reached energy saturation faster than it took them to reach.

This is because as much as Sirone's energy is dispersed, the durability of the whirlpool snake will also be dispersed.

The battle that followed was a battle between light and darkness.

Just as two fleets floating on the sea exchange relentless bombardment at a distance from each other, whenever dozens of tentacles created afterimages, Sirone's flashes followed and exploded.

The tempo of attack and defense was fast, so I couldn't follow the movement of the shadow with my eyes.

Sirone fired lasers while relying on Spirit Zone's synesthesia for 70 percent of her senses.

There were dozens of ejection points, and the super-dimensional speed of the lines dominated the space.

Now it was a matter of who gets tired first.

Sirone sensed defeat. It seemed that he was about to burst into tears from his nervousness, but his mind, preoccupied with battle, did not allow even a change of expression.

Just when Sirone's mind became faint, the whirlpool serpent roared. It was the same with him that he was doing his best.

When I thought that way, I felt a sense of unity.

The whirlpool snake struggled as if it had intuited death, but there was no space left in the shadow to absorb the energy.

The energy of the laser shook the whole of the vortex snake.

An intense explosion blew away the torso, scattering fragments of shadows.

The gradually tapering laser gradually disappeared from the front of Sirone like water droplets.

People watched the development of the situation without even moving.

Sirone also made up her mind to collapse immediately and glared at the incarnation of the whirlpool snake.

As the light disappeared from the salamander's body, it returned to the same white jade material as at the beginning. Then, the saturation seemed to fade, and then it disappeared as if it had assimilated into the air.

“Porridge, is it dead?”

No one could answer Tess' words.

Creatures that lived here for 10,000 years were analyzed by countless subjects and cults, but death was an unknown territory. It was because no subject had ever driven the whirlpool snake, let alone killed it.

Lian swung his sword at the spot where the salamander had been.

Guard Rock looked through the cracks in the valley. The energy of the light that had regained its strength was being revived as a transformed light.

Gadlock said confidently.

“It must be dead. No, at least not here.”

Sirone just sat down. Others watched him devastated.

Earth man erased the law.

Kanya and Lena, Gardlock and Clove knew what the current results meant.

that boy is dangerous

It is the law because it cannot be destroyed. God's will can only be changed by God. Sirone invaded the inviolable realm where no existence was allowed to change.

“You… … What is it? what is that magic? How did you learn this magic?"

The group was silent.

In fact, they don't even know. The principle of magic is the same, but Sirone's magic is impossible to imitate.

Inherent magic created from God Particles has both advantages and disadvantages.

Lasers have the potential to subdue strong enemies, but are less effective against fast-moving targets. Timing is important for light width, and Photon Cannon consumes a lot of mental power for a basic magic.

However, Sirone made up for her shortcomings with the scattering of light, the durability of Diamond Steel, and the infinite mental power she draws from the Immortal Function.

The current Sirone was in a unique position that could not be classified as a wizard of any kind.

Canis realized why the wizarding community calls unlockers unique.

It didn't end just by opening Immortal Function. How much balance can be harmoniously packaged through the unique battery.

In that sense, Sirone was becoming a unique.

Clove looked at Sirone with a complicated feeling.

I didn't want to feel bad because he saved his life, but the question was what would happen if he entered Norse society.

It should never happen to be dominated by imitations.

However, they could not be subdued with their skills, so the only thing left was to kill the spirit from the beginning.

“There’s nothing to be condescending about with just that much. Even if Master hadn't been injured, he would have been able to get out. Even for heretics, it is dangerous to remove the law carelessly. With the whirlpool serpent gone, there will be a new law, and I will no longer be a guide here. It's dangerous this time, so I can't help it, but you'd better be careful from now on.”

Sirone wasn't listening. Suddenly he was staring at something that had fallen from the sky.

It was a jewel that shone transparently in the shape of a drop of water.

"hey! can't you hear me? Are you ignoring me now?”

Sirone then turned his head. Then, pointing to the three jewels that fell in front of his eyes, he asked.

“Hey, what is this? It looks like the whirlpool snake exploded and fell.”

"uh? this this… … !”

Clove's eyes widened when he found the jewel.

It was the White Elixir.

The first time he encountered White Elixir was at Norr's Shop on the mainland, a huge community.

At the time, the water drop spirit, which was expected to be the most expensive item on the market, was being auctioned off, but an independent Norr group that did not belong to the community won the bid for 23 white elixirs.

Unlike the water spirit, the water drop spirit was difficult to find. Since the sea or river does not move, emotions are often born, but water droplets are not of a constant nature.

Even so, magically it is weaker than the water spirit.

However, making a contract with the water drop spirit made the skin smooth, prevented aging, and had some healing properties, so it was popular with women.

At the time, he knew that the water drop spirit was worth 4,600 Red Elixir or 670 Green Elixir.

It was worth taking 23 elixirs for something that could only be obtained by catching 7,000 poisonous ears.

"white! It’s the white elixir!”

Clove fluttered like a flying squirrel and reached out.

The moment she was about to grab the elixir, Sirone scratched the floor and grabbed it.

Feeling the sadness of the ground collapsing, Clove frowned and turned her head.

Of course, since it was caught by Sirone, it belongs to Sirone. However, it was not easy to give up because materialism seemed to be greater than that of others.

In particular, doesn't Sirone even know the value of the White Elixir?

“Hmmmm, why are you looking at me like that? I just wanted to take a look.”

“What is this?”

“Just what… … No big deal. It's called an elixir, and it's what heretics use when trading things. I have to look closely to determine the value, can you show me a moment?”

"Ok, fine. ruler."

Sirone readily handed over the elixir. Clove quickly snatched the elixir from her, fearing that she might change her mind.

Kanya, who grasped the situation, approached with twin wicks in her eyes.

"hey! why are you taking it? Ethan must have his own rules. Didn't you know that the person who hunted got the elixir?”

“My, what did I say? And we hunted together.”

“What have you done? Sirone is the only one who deserves an elixir here. Come on, give it back.”

“Sheesh! We had a fight before, but suddenly you're pretending to be friends? In front of the Elixir, do you think there are imitations and subjects? Do you think you don’t know the heart that wants to eat rice cakes because you look good?”

“You are laughing! Subjects don't need elixirs! Also, Sirone, if you plan to live with the Norse from now on, be aware! Elixir is food and water, air and life. In particular, the value of the white elixir is enormous! You can’t just hand it over and do that.”

"are you okay. He said he would take a look, so he showed it to me.”

“Then what if you run away? What are you going to do then?”

Sirone bent her upper body and touched the ground.

"haha! How are you going to escape?”

“How are you running away? of course… … .”

Kanya stopped talking and blinked.

Come to think of it, what was he going to do by snatching the White Elixir from a subject with no skill?

Sirone's friends standing in the back were also watching Guard Rock's every move. But they didn't show any signs of nervousness either.

If Sirone puts his mind to it, he knows that it will take less than a second to subdue Clove.

Clove was clearly puzzled as to whether he had come to the same idea. It seemed that his judgment was clouded by his lust for water. It was fortunate that he did not reveal his true feelings.

Gadlock looked at him pathetically and said.

“Clove, give it back. It's not something you can deal with.”

Red-faced Clove handed over the elixir.

“I was just trying to watch. So, here. Nice to see you.”

Sirone accepted the elixir. As he tossed it over his palm, examining the reflection in the sunlight, he asked Gadlock.

“But what are you using this for? Did you say Elixir?”

Gadlock checked how much the light's affection had been restored. Judging by the intensity of the light, which was getting stronger at a fast speed, it seemed that we could start in the next five minutes.

“To survive in Purgatory, it is not possible to have only human strength. The environment is barren and food is scarce. Disease circulates in some places, and brimstone fires that cannot be extinguished burn the air in some places, making it impossible to breathe. Elixir is an item that allows humans to survive in such an environment. There are five colors, but in fact there is no superiority or inferiority. Because any color is a must. However, they are graded according to their rarity value. The White Elixir is the second rarest item. Thanks to its regenerative and purifying properties, it is a material that does not fall into devices that make air or medicines that treat wounds.”

"okay. Can I buy something with this?”

"of course. There are also merchants at Norr's Shelter, so if you want something, you might as well buy it. But for the white elixir, you'll need to go to Norr's shop. Because it is the most active market on the mainland.”

Sirone came up with a question.

3 Elixir obtained from the Vortex Snake.

However, the fact that these items were traded on a regular basis meant that someone was hunting creatures of a similar class as the Whirlwind Snake.

Hearing Sirone's question, Guard Rock meekly agreed.

“Purgatory is wide. It's incredibly wide. The Norse built their own society, but there were countless communities before that. Where we are going is only the closest to heaven. I don't even dare to escape from the world beyond that. The White Elixir comes from beyond its borders. From those who can travel farther than us.”

Thinking that it would be nice if there were many merchants in Nord's shelter, Sirone kept the elixir in her arms.

It's the same in the original world, but if you can't exchange it for something, gold coins are just a mineral. No matter how precious the white elixir was, unless you were going to live in purgatory, it was better to buy it immediately if you needed it.

As people gathered through the cracks in the valley, Gadrak grabbed the essence of light. As his body glowed, the ancient magic Elijah was activated, and white light spread through the cracks in the valley.

The original landscape was revealed as the edge of the light scattered like a blade weakened.

The quiet sound of the wind permeated the place where the person had disappeared.

5. Nord's Shelter (1)

Remnants of ruins were buried in the fields. A shallow stream flowed, and wild flowers were in full bloom along the stream.

The historic site, which has become old with time, felt more comfortable than desolate. Butterflies flew between the slanted arches and three or four people were taking a break.

Arriving at Nord's Shelter, Sirone checked the destination.

Light was coming down like a spotlight. Looking more closely, I could see the crystals of light flying around on the pillars of light.

The ancient magic Elijah seemed to be a magic that moved from light to light.

---------------------------------------