[762] Lord of Ruin (1)

Minerva, flying toward the entrance of the Chief Palace, turned to Sirone and said.

“Did I win?”

Jet arrived first, but Sirone was already fully focused on the battle.

“I will take over as the captain.”

“As you like. But going will not be easy.”

Without answering, Sirone fluttered her wings and moved away toward the end of the long palace, and Minerva landed at the entrance.

As soon as she pulled out the jet inserted in an oblique line, a terrifying poison spread from her body.

“Now, shall we start cleaning?”

Piercing through the deadly poison, 2-meter-tall, muscular demons surrounded her.

“I’ll chew you alive!”

Even in the midst of rotting flesh, the demons were fearless, and that's why an army of 8 million was the strongest of 8 million.

'Honestly, I'm a little embarrassed.'

A hard smile formed on Minerva's lips.

The land area of ​​the chief palace where the dictator's greed permeated was one of the few in the world.

Ignoring all the demons teeming on the ground, Sirone headed for the leader's palace.

'I have no choice but to catch the captain.'

8 million.

It's easy to say, but how many humans can accurately imagine an army of 8 million?

In addition, those on the ground now were demons with armed forces that were far higher than the average human.

'Maybe from the beginning... … .'

I had a sudden thought.

'Isn't it a war that can't be won?'

Satan's army of 2 billion meant that if one demon killed two humans, the entire world's population would be annihilated.

It was terrifying to think what would have happened if Shion hadn't reduced the psychic realm.

"what?"

An ominous flame blazed across the sky in the orbit of Sirone's flight.

“Geuuuuuu”

As the space opened, an insect-eaten face appeared in the real world.

Company commander Renault.

As a Demon that transports the troops of Hell, it can hold 400 Demons in its mouth.

“Yahweh… … !”

Seeing the demons swarming in her open mouth, Sirone's face contorted.

'Broad!'

As the curtain of light pulsated explosively and dug into her mouth, the screams of the demons blinded her eardrums.

“Kiyaaaaa!”

The field of view filled with blood and flesh suddenly burst open, and demons exploded like fireworks.

Remaining troops, 7,999,231.

… … There is no end.

In an instant, 400 demons were blown up in the air, but none of the demons felt a sense of loss.

'I'm tired of it... … .'

Yahweh loves everything that exists and therefore transcends good and evil... … .

Demons have no mercy.

'Ataraxia!'

As the huge Halo was born, colorful information began pouring like crazy.

At the same time as the start, Sirone aimed the completed magic circle at the ground and fired a photon cannon.

Aaaaaaang!

As the air roared, a flash of light dozens of meters in diameter was pierced diagonally, scratching the ground in that state.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Demons far stronger than humans sprang out in all directions, but they could not exceed Sirone's scale.

273, 398, 113, 198... … The average number of demons dying per second reached about 200.

By the time the amplification of the flash ended, the casualties of the demons had exceeded 2,000, and Brigade Commander Sodas looked up into the sky.

"beautiful… … .”

Remaining troops, 7,996,973.

“I’m going to really go crazy.”

Sirone put on a tired expression.

It didn't feel like it had diminished, and Minerva was worried when she felt the strength of the overwhelming number of troops she had actually experienced.

I looked back toward the entrance of the Chief Palace, but what caught my eye was a colony of demons of different heights.

In some places, I saw things over 10 meters.

'Can I really do it?'

While Sirone was deep in thought, the 44th Brigade, 7th Division, 24th Corps all looked up at the sky.

“There is Yahweh! Shoot!”

As the hairless, snub-nosed devils opened their mouths so much that their jaws fell out, filth shot out in a net.

'Destroy the horse!'

As Yahweh's light expanded in the form of the Spirit Zone, the toxic filth turned to ashes.

Minerva was worried.

'Just once, let's do it just once.'

The limit of Quantum Super Position that Sirone, who has reached the level of Yahweh, can play at the same time is 100,000.

'I don't have a chin with this.'

When all of them cast Angel's Punishment, the weakening of the army will be visible.

'Just a moment.'

The problem was that the safety of the main body performing the quantum superposition could not be guaranteed, but Minerva wouldn't be able to last long anyway.

'Quantum Super Position!'

100,000 stacks.

In an instant, her mind spun around, and Sirone's body fell to the ground at a terrifying speed.

Blocking the impact of landing is all the magic the body can do.

“Now!”

100,000 sirones turned into flashes of light and soared into the sky, raising the incarnation of an archangel.

At the same time, Brigadier Sodas hugged Sirone's body.

“Got it!”

Incarnation - Angelic Punishment.

Remaining troops, 5,668,227 men.

All the demons lost their hearing as the longbow was adorned with a scene that looked like a shower of light.

Remaining troops, 4,340,976 men.

I couldn't tell how loud the roar was, and I just realized that a catastrophic impact had occurred on the ground.

Remaining troops, 3,365,763.

“Kuaaa!”

As the cycle progressed, the number of deaths decreased, but there was already a space in the square like circular hair loss.

“Keugh!”

Sodas squeezed Sirone's neck with both hands, and 100,000 sirone stopped firing at the same time.

'I was aiming for an exact gap.'

It wasn't that I couldn't detect the approach to the spirit zone, but my thoughts couldn't keep up.

'strong.'

And it was beautiful.

It had a neat face that could not be thought of as a devil, and a fresh fruit-like scent emanated from its skin.

"What are you doing? continue."

Sirone frowned.

“… … what?"

Sodas pressed his body tightly and put one hand down to sweep his chest.

“I will protect you, so kill them all.”

This time, I was suspicious of what the intention was, but Sodas' eyes did not waver.

"Anyway, brigade commanders won't be defeated, and the rest of them will be reborn as many times as they like."

It will be as long as humans don't give up on demons.

“But they are your men.”

Tears flowed from Sodas' eyes.

“Actually I… … I want to repent. Living as a demon is terrible now. So please... … Give me one chance... … .”

'I always say that.'

But Igor said:

- It is not that there are no penitent demons at all.

“This is the last time. If my filthy body can be purified with your light, maybe I too... … .”

Sodas' eyes went up.

“Ah, this is the body of Yahweh… … .”

Unlike lowering his hand, Soda's power was applied to his right hand holding his neck.

'die!'

Just when he was about to break Sirone's neck.

“Huh!”

As the light of Yahweh spread, the hand that grasped the neck turned into ashes and began to scatter.

“Huhhhhh!”

The Quantum Super Position had already been unlocked.

"also… … .”

Sodas, who was suffering from Sirone's voice, looked down with difficulty.

“You lied.”

Is there anyone in the world who would believe a swindler with 20 criminal convictions?

'The devil repents?'

parents believe

If you pray with tears in your eyes, saying, “Mom, I won’t do that again,” you have no choice but to believe whether you have a criminal record of 20 or 200.

'It can change, this time it's real... … .'

That's why Sirone was rather sad even while extinguishing the demon, a sick child of a human who could never change.

"no."

Sodas looked down at Sirone with sorrowful eyes and stroked his face with a hand that was turning to ashes.

“I was really trying to do penance.”

“Aaaaaaa!”

As the light of Yahweh spread, Sodas and all the demons around were burned.

“Heo-eok! Huh!”

Even while stabilizing the mind with the breathing method of free mind, the enemies were endlessly rolling in.

“Is it worth it?”

When the kneeling Sirone looked back, Minerva had arrived behind her.

She also clearly looked tired, and her clothes, which had been ripped off by demons, were tattered.

Superqualifier's senses can treat the mind like matter, and Sirone quickly regains her composure.

"till now. How is Minerva?”

“Me too… … so so."

It wasn't the time to fight.

“Please protect me. If you activate the Quantum Super Position again and wipe out the demons... … .”

“It’s no use. still don't know Yahweh's light itself becomes a powerful weapon against the demons... … .”

Minerva pointed the smoking pipe forward.

“That's because demons are non-entities. It will take its own blows, but in the end, it's just a matter of time.

“So you mean leave me alone?”

"no."

said Minerva, puffing out green smoke.

“There are ways to be a little more constructive.”

Sirone, who blocked the smoke from coming, inflicted angelic punishment on enemies in all directions.

“What are you going to do?”

Remaining troops, 3,363,305 men.

"I'm going to use the forbidden technique."

Sirone was already anxious.

“If it is banned, we must keep it. What forbidden technique is it that can be used so easily?”

“The United Space Management Department will take responsibility. Even if you don't believe me, if Taeseong is you, it's terrible. In return, I’ll give you three wish veto tickets.”

“It is not subject to compromise.”

"okay?"

Minerva inhaled deeply.

“Then what are you going to be punished for?”

Calamity Magic - The Walking Dead.

As she puffed out her cheeks and exhaled, moving her head from left to right, a cloud of green smoke rose.

“What the hell people say… … .”

“I already did it.”

After assessing the situation at Minerva's words, Sirone hurriedly looked around.

“Ahhh… … .”

Dozens of demons in charge of acting stood for a while with stupidly relaxed pupils, then suddenly became violent.

However, the target they were attacking was not Minerva, but the demons right next to them.

“What is this… … .”

Minerva explained.

“The art of fratricide, The Walking Dead. When poisoned, there is only enmity against one's own people. They lose consciousness, but they don't die unless their heads are blown off.”

“The Walking Dead.”

It was the name of a terrible disaster recorded in history books.

"okay. And the true horror of this masterpiece... … .”

Minerva said, revealing that she would live.

“It is an infection.”

Number of infected: 48.

“Krrrr… … Aaaaaa!”

The demon who was bitten by the demon flipped its eyes and bit another demon next to it.

Number of infected: 127.

"Follow me. We enter the leader's palace like this.”

As the demons started attacking the allies, the gap between the clearings around Minerva gradually began to increase.

"you idiot! Why are you biting us!”

Number of infected: 897.

Sirone looked at the back of the Archwitch as she walked along the road that widened by itself.

'Mirac Minerva.'

Oh Dae-seong of the Human Security Enforcement Department, but perhaps she could be said to be a walking disaster.

“Those who side with humans are not demons!”

Number of infected: 2,483.

“Whoops, will it be that easy?”

The higher the population density, the greater the power of infection.

“Aaaaaa! no! I'd rather kill you!"

The worst fire, which had already driven mankind to the brink of extinction before Nane, was spreading in the Chieftain's Palace.

Number of infected: 6,323.

---------------------------------------