[108] To everyday life (3)

Sirone's face turned into an embarrassment. The reaction of his friends was no different. Amy shook her head and said, putting her hand between her brows.

“Seriel, what books are you reading these days?”

"huh! This one!”

Seriel pulled out a novel as if she had been waiting. On the painty red cover was the title 《Primal Lasso》.

“This is the hottest book on the bookstore these days. It's about a married nobleman falling in love with a lady-in-waiting, and lines like this come out there. I broke your plate. What are you going to do now? Are you going to claim my body? So after her nobleman tied her up with her rope... … .”

"stop! it's okay. All the way!”

Amy raised her hand to stop it. I felt like I couldn't go any further.

"what's the matter? This is a fun part from now on.”

“Seriel, no matter how much you like fiction, please don't confuse it with reality. Such books are meant to captivate readers with primary colors and stimuli.”

"joy! yes you don't see If you read it once, you will fall in love with this world. Shall I lend you this while you’re talking?”

When Seriel held out the «Primal Lasso», Amy hurriedly turned her head away. She said that if she agreed to her request, she would suffer from her comments for at least a week.

Sirone leaned back on the cushion and said.

"ha. Today is the last day in the infirmary. Thank you for coming all this time. Senior Seriel too.”

“What a sad sound. To be honest, I was dying from studying for my senior year. It was nice that Amy and I could breathe.”

Amy didn't deny it either. The stress was at its peak because of competing for rankings every day. As such, the temporary school closure was like a sweet rain for the seniors.

Seriel said with a gloomy expression.

“But the principal is worried. To be honest, this decision was unexpected. It's a matter that can be handled by Creas Autonomous District, but you said you'd be supervised by the Magic Association yourself.”

Alpheas voluntarily filed the complaint. As he had a high reputation on the continent, he could have done away with the situation, but he accepted all the arguments of the student council. In the end, the agenda was passed on to the 3rd Division of the Inspection, which was said to be the most vicious in the Magic Association.

“The 3rd Inspection Department is called the special prosecutor even in the Magic Association. It's a personal connection and whatever, they say they follow the law unconditionally. Even Principal Alpheas will not be able to avoid discipline.”

Sirone thought it was a good thing.

“The principal lived with pain for 40 years. I think accepting discipline is a good thing, if this opportunity can lighten the burden even a little.”

said Nade.

“For now, let’s watch the progress. Who are we worried about? It's Alpheas, a certified 4th-class wizard. I'll be busy again after the school closure, so let's take a break while we can.”

"huh. That would be great.”

Sirone looked back at the window. 

The afternoon sun was coming in with a languid light.

* * *

capital Baska.

The view of Basuka seen from the underground mountain range was a structure in which the royal castle rose as if to pierce the sky, and the core institutions spread like concentric circles around it. Residents of the capital say that the building that can be seen when looking down from the underground mountain range is the institution that symbolizes the nation.

One of them was the Magic Association. The 18-story building was the central part of the country, managing the affairs of all wizards registered in the kingdom of Tormia and taking charge of the wizard society's surveillance and intelligence missions through liaison with other organizations.

It is a place that any magician would like to visit at least once, but Sade, who was chosen as the leader of Alpheas and Canis, felt like a cow being led to the slaughterhouse.

“Master, is this really the best?”

“It is what I wanted. My only regret is that I dragged it on too long.”

Alpheas's determination was firm. THAAD also did not ask with any expectations. However, he only wanted to reaffirm his master's will because once he crossed the threshold of the association, he could not go back.

"All right. Then I will wait until the trial is over.”

Alpheas had a happy expression. After taking Canis and Arin, he surrendered himself to the inspection department, and the three of them were locked in private rooms and waited for a day.

When the next day came, Alfeas entered the investigation room first. In the meantime, Kanis and Arin were waiting for their turn in a quarantine facility covered with magic devices. The Magic Control Device makes it impossible to enter the Spirit Zone. But on top of that, even Harvest was not active.

After about 3 hours, the call order was dropped.

“Kanis, Arin. come out."

Although the charges have not yet been officially proven, Magic Association officials have already treated the two as criminals. It must have been because he had heard the report from Alfeas, who had completed the investigation first.

Canis and Arin silently followed the instructions. As I entered the corridor where the investigation room was located, I saw Alpheas walking from the other side. Canis thought to pass by him indifferently. But right before they crossed each other, Alfeas looked back at the jailer and said.

“I’m sorry, could you give me a minute to talk?”

"Ah yes. But not too long.”

Canis snorted at the guard's completely different attitude from her own. The reason Alpheas is treated well is not because he is strong, but because he is famous. It made me feel bad that he, who was inferior to Arcane in terms of his magical skills, was taking the leeway of a winner.

As the guards avoided their seats, Alpheas spoke.

“There is nothing to be too nervous about. You just have to answer a few questions and come out.”

“Aren’t you mistaken? We are not the meek students you teach. fought countless battles No matter what happens, there is nothing to be afraid of.”

Kanis, who had gone through all the hardships on the battlefield, definitely had something that kids her age didn't have. However, because he lived such a life, there were many things he lost. Alpheas wanted to give it back to the two who still had a bright future.

"Actually, that's why I asked to see you."

"What are you talking about?"

“If this is over, why don’t you go to magic school?”

Canis felt like she had been ripped off by swearing. Doesn't he know how he lived? He told me to mix with the flowers in the greenhouse as he learned magic while crossing life and death.

"Do not be ridiculous. I didn't lose because Master was weak. If it wasn't for Abyss Nova, no, if we were officially attached, I could have blown you and the like in one shot.”

“It could have been.”

Alpheas accepted it meekly.

“But if it hadn’t been that way, I might have gotten down on my knees first and begged for fault.”

Canis bit her lip. What he said was unacceptable, but he couldn't even refute it.

“Kanis, that is what evil is. No matter how good the reason is, it is bound to be hated. you can go higher I want to give you a bright future, not a dark one.”

“Why do you care about me? Do you sympathize?”

“I was also a disciple of Arcane. That would be the death penalty for you. Just as time cannot be turned back, relationships last forever. I will help you if you want to live a new life.”

Canis didn't respond. Now, what's the point of a new life? The only thing he learned was combat, so he had no choice but to live on the battlefield.

As Alpheas walked away from the corridor, the guard grabbed Canis and Arin again and dragged them to the interrogation room. Contrary to what I had imagined in Inferno's prison, the investigation room was neat and tidy. A small man was sitting at the table with his back to him. From the back, there was nothing to confirm other than that it was silver hair.

“Inspector, these are the suspects in this case, Canis and Arin.”

“Oh, come this way.”

A ghastly voice like sharpening iron. As a person running around the scene of the notorious Inspection Division 3, I felt the energy like a blade. Canis and Arin turned around the table and sat down facing the investigator. Contrary to expectations, it was not a scary impression. He had a pointed chin like a cat's and was smiling with thin narrow eyes.

“My name is Sakiri, an inspector from the 3rd Inspection Division. Canis and Arin, are you the right person?”

"you're right."

Kanis replied calmly. But there was no answer from Arin. Kanis turned his head and asked, not wanting to offend the inspector.

"Arin, what's wrong?"

Arin was trembling with a pale face. Kanis grasped the situation as Arin's eyes looking at her Sakiri were shaking in her shock. & nbsp;

'What did you see that surprised you so much?'

“Kanis, I can’t read… … .”

There is no way Arin, who is in menarche, cannot read the feelings of things. Therefore, she was originally saying that she had no feelings or that she had artificially erased them.

In fact, the way Arin looked at Sakiri was bizarre. Her entire body was made of metal as smooth as a mirror, and her egg-shaped face had no features. Her hands and feet were conical, making it impossible to read even the slightest emotion. She was in the form of menarche, which can only come out when her emotions are completely blocked.

“Gee, the lady must have been surprised. She says menarche, is that it? I blocked the magic, but there is no way to block the unique trait. Of course, I don't think the two of you will go on a rampage.”

Sakiri put down the pen and crossed her legs, as if interested.

Arin watched as the conical legs twisted. It was twisting and untwisting like a pretzel.

'This person is playing around.'

It's not just suppressing emotions. He was someone who had complete control over his emotions.

"Concentration."

Arin raised his head. The inspector's mirror-smooth face stretched into a pointed cone, reaching right in front of her forehead.

“Please do it. For now, it's because I'm on duty. Arin, is that right?”

"Yes, that's right."

Arin, terrified, didn't even know he had answered. Her sharp cone aimed at her forehead is probably Sakiri's fierce gaze. It was the first time that menarche was revealed in such a neat form. It occurred to me that if any criminal were caught by this man, he would not be able to break even a bone.

Canis and Arin finally faced reality. It was a situation that was caught by the most powerful and authoritative judicial institution in the kingdom. As the two of them waited in dismay, Sakiri's face, which had been pointed like a needle, returned to a smooth metallic egg shape.

“Well, I wrote a police report based on Mr. Alfeas’ statement, but there are a few things to check. Please answer my question.”

Sakiri checked several points through Q&A. Arin and Kanis answered honestly. After an hour had passed, Sakiri said with a satisfied expression as she organized the files.

"yes. Most of the statements agree. There are some things I don't like, but it's not particularly important."

It was too complacent to say that it came from the mouth of an inspector from the Inspection Department. However, Sakiri leaned back against the back of the chair as if it was not a big deal and continued.

“After all, isn’t it some kind of brainwashing? So that's it. Arcane used your miserable life to brainwash you from childhood.”

"what?"

Canis' eyes tightened. I'd rather be called a villain. Sakiri's remarks were no different from completely denying the roots of Kanis's life.

“Master never forced me to do anything. I did it, and I did it.”

Arin, who knew the strength of an investigator, was nervous when Canis got angry. However, Sakiri's form, seen through menarche, was still unchanged.

“It is a vicious tactic. After saving them and making them respect them, they say this. I need something like this, but of course I don't necessarily want you to do it.”

Canis didn't know what the investigator was talking about. He himself came to this place to pay for his sins. But now he's brainwashed. Is he thinking of putting him in a mental hospital?

---------------------------------------