[221] 1. Memories of Galliant (1)

Kergo Autonomous District.

The room where Sirone and the others stayed was tidy.

A black sphere was born in a space filled with quiet air. The sphere looked like a two-dimensional hole, from which five people were spat out.

After rolling on the floor, Amy crawled to the portal and called Sirone. I couldn't believe he wasn't coming back.

Tess and Arin caught her trying to enter the portal.

Amy also hated the two of Marley. She shouldn't have left Shirone alone.

“Let go! Get out of the way! I'm going to rescue Sirone!"

“Amy! If you go in, you can't come back! You have to wait now!”

“What are you waiting for? You guys left Sirone dead!”

"no! Peope is... … !”

Arin stopped talking and looked at the portal. From the other side of space, Sirone was spinning and flying.

Tears welled up in Amy's eyes.

Receiving the sirone with open arms, she rolled on the floor with the power of the spiral. She was so happy that she couldn't even feel the pain.

As Arin watched the metagate portal disappear, he thought of a fairy left in heaven.

'Thank you, Peope.'

The portal opened to the room given by Chief Kergo.

Heaven is far away, but since I went through the Guffin's Gate, the relativity of time does not occur. Calculating the difference in the solar calendar, it seemed that about three days had passed.

“Rian! Ryan... … .”

Tess' tears fell down Lian's face. She returned alive, but she was not happy. He lost his arm while talking like a habit to become the best swordsman in the world.

Lian's right arm was left as a bone. He tried to pull out the greatsword, but his fingers wouldn't straighten.

Tess was stunned. I don't have muscles, even ligaments are torn, so how can I hold a sword?

At that moment, the door burst open and Kergoin entered.

He sighed as he ran to the exit, watching the women embracing their partners and giving them wary glances.

"I'm back! They are back!”

Arin read hostility in Kergoin's menarche. Amy asked, realizing that it was not time for her to just cry.

"Arin, what's going on?"

"I don't know. But I think you'd better leave quickly. It was definitely not a favorable feeling.”

Amy and the others left the room with the wounded. The structure of the crypt was complex, but no one could not remember the exit.

The problem was that it was a one-way street.

Footsteps came from the other side of the cave, and dozens of warriors blocked the exit.

“Where are you trying to escape, you traitors!”

Arin interpreted the language through mental resonance.

“Even death cannot pay for the sin of scorning Kergo! For three days and three nights, I will cut off the flesh and dry it in the sun to death!”

Even though the language came through an interpreter, it was terrifying.

Amy couldn't understand the situation. She couldn't fulfill Kadum's request, but she wasn't like her contract in the first place.

I saw a familiar old man standing among the warriors. His face was lined with wrinkles, and lumps of less muscle were still hanging down.

"you… … no way?"

“These damn things!”

It was the voice of Kergo Chief Kadum.

Is it possible to grow that old in just a few days? Maybe decades have passed while you are in heaven.

“How dare you try to destroy Kergo! Give me my life back!”

“We don't know! Why did you do that?”

"gibberish! If you don't play tricks, how did my lifespan get shorter? I could live another 60 years!”

Arin suddenly realized. 

'Canis... … .'

Even if all the men had the opportunity to control their lifespan, only Canis would make this choice.

support his choice. It was rather cheap compared to what Kadum had done to the tribesmen.

But even Canis didn't know that the situation would turn out like this.

As the warriors approached with powerful energy, Amy entered the spirit zone with a sense like instinct.

I looked for Mahatu, but I couldn't find him.

If the anti-angel faction had been purged, this place would have been the den of enemy camps. There was no one to help.

“Catch me alive! I will give them a cruel death!”

The Kergo warriors approached with weapons. Individual strength was great, but the group's speculation was suffocating.

'What do we do? Block the road with a fire wall? But it's dangerous in a cave.'

When the five giants were about to rush forward with their spears, a commotion was heard from the exit.

A terrified Kadum looked back and shouted.

“What is it! what's the matter!"

As the body ages, it seems that the mind has also been broken.

Not long after, the warriors guarding the rear ran out towards Amy's group.

“Are you okay?”

Amy's face darkened.

Mahatu, who had been thought to have been captured, was standing there. Most surprising of all was the people he brought with him.

Jis, who had parted ways after interpreting, was standing there escorted by the parrot mercenaries, and even Marsha, the leader, and Freeman, the vice-captain, were there.

“Jis? Why are you here?”

“No time! Come here quickly!”

Before Jis could finish speaking, the Kergo warriors charged.

From their point of view, they had to capture Sirone's party.

Civil war had already taken place in the Kergo Autonomous Region. 

Residents joined the anti-angel faction, and if this ended, the angel faction could not avoid its downfall.

“Freeman! Go get the kids!”

Marcia pushed Freeman's butt with her foot.

Freeman, who did not ride the reverse technique tree, boasted of rapid movement. 

The spears and swords of the warriors could not cut off a single hair from him. It was the Gunner's schema that gave up regenerative power and focused on speed.

Tuca! Tuca! Tuca!

Every time Freeman stepped into the middle of enemy lines and fired his gun in all directions, the warriors were pinned against the walls of the cave. Soon, only Freeman was left in the seat, and smoke from magic bullets spread thickly around him.

Amy doubted whether this was the man she had been dealing with. When she changed her schema, the fighting style was also completely different.

"let's go. I can't last long.”

"Ah yes!"

Amy and the others followed the parrot mercenary and left.

The warriors of Khadum pursued them, but they were not in threatening numbers.

The dictator who ruled Kergo for hundreds of years lost all his strength as his body aged.

"no! don't go! I don't want to die like this! Please give me my life back!”

Kadum's scream echoed in the cave.

@

While escaping Mount Toa, Sirone and the others were able to hear everything from Mahatu.

As Kadum's body aged, the priests declared martial law and imprisoned the anti-angel faction.

It was Jess who rescued them.

Arriving in the autonomous district to pay off Falcoa's debt, he felt the uneasy air and started investigating.

Then, realizing that Mahatu was imprisoned, he arrived here with a gang of parrot bandits.

“Thank you, Jess. I wouldn't have survived if it wasn't for you."

Jess' face turned red at Amy's praise.

“What is this? It's nothing compared to what you guys have helped me with. are you okay anyway? Why did only men get this far?”

Amy looked at Sirone's condition. She still showed no signs of waking up.

“It happened like that. Can you find a councilor on the island? Or should I go to the magic guild?”

Marsha looked back at the wounded. Even though Sirone and Canis only lost consciousness, Lian's condition was serious.

All of the flesh on his right arm had been applied. With a wound like this, it should have died from excessive blood loss, but for some reason, the blood didn't flow.

“Why is Lian like this? No, rather, how did you treat it? Is it really okay to leave it like this?”

said Tess, weeping.

"I don't know. I ate a giant's arm, and I think it's because of that. As long as I'm alive, I'll fix it at all costs."

"giant? eat your arm What are you talking about?”

Tess just shook her head.

When we arrived at the entrance of Mount Toa, the parrot thieves' wagon was waiting.

Mahatu bowed his head and conveyed his guilt.

“The chieftain's immorality put the messenger of God in danger. Please forgive me.”

The anti-angel faction was a faction created to oppose those who fulfill their self-interest in the name of God.

From Heaven's point of view, it is a heresy and a way of thinking that could lead to a final war, but Amy could not criticize Mahatu.

“Some of my colleagues must have been displeased with Kadum. Rather, we are sorry. I'm glad things went well, but I almost made a lot of sacrifices.”

“It should have happened once. Had Kadum been strong, it would have cost far more to overthrow the system. thank you."

Amy waited for Mahatu to say something else. 

However, he did not ask anything from the person who had been to heaven. He chose to be self-reliant.

Amy got into the carriage. She prioritized the well-being of her friends, just as the happiness of her tribesmen was first to Mahatu.

Mahatu did not move until Amy and the others disappeared over the horizon.

@

“Quickly! hurry!"

Marsha searched Galliant Island and found 1 doctor and 4 recovery wizards who came to Jis's house.

The lawmaker who confirmed Lian's condition was horrified. 

I prayed that this boy would not have suffered such torture while he was still awake.

“This, this… … .”

Tess cried and hung on.

“Senator! please fix it! Can you fix it?”

The senator shut his mouth like a mute. What the hell are you talking about yourself? To fix means to put back what is broken. He couldn't recreate what was gone.

“I can't help it. I'm not a great senator, but neither am I. If it is not amputated, it may die.”

"cut? This kid is a prosecutor! I decided to become the world's strongest swordsman!”

“You have to cut it from the shoulder down. If you don't want to become the world's strongest corpse."

Tess fell to her knees helplessly. The senator was right. When he came to his senses, no one could be sane when he saw his skeletal arm. There was no blood flowing yet, but it was unknown when it would bleed again.

“Big! this… … It's no joke.”

The recovery magicians paired up with a colleague by two to give recovery magic to Sirone and Canis.

Healing, which raises biological abilities, and Purify, which clears the mind, were being cast, but it felt like pouring water into a poison.

“What happened? who are these kids? This is the first time in my entire life that no one wakes up after being treated for so long.”

said Amy.

"I'm a magic school student, so it's going to be harder than others."

“Okay! If it lasts more than 10 minutes, you should take an hour break. It's already over the limit!”

“Please hold on for ten more minutes! I will give you any amount of money.”

“At this age, the money is enough, go on a date. It looks exactly like my first love.”

Amy opened her eyes wide and nodded quickly.

"yes? all right! I will do it, so please try a little harder.”

“… … Don't make the old man's wit ugly. Anyway, you must be a valuable person. Let’s try as far as we can.”

"thank you! thank you!"

As Amy repeatedly expressed her gratitude, the wizard casting Purify clicked her tongue and scolded her colleague.

“Hey, if you make such a harsh joke, it will be used.”

“Did you know it would be like this?”

“No, I remember clearly that your first love was the ugliest of uglies.”

The two old men giggled. As an unofficial 9th ​​grade wizard, he hadn't seen the light of day in his entire life, but it felt like his blood was boiling for the first time in a long time.

“Shall we go with full power for the first time in a while?”

As the recovery magic was amplified, Sirone's body shone brightly.

The wizards on Canis' side, who had a competitive spirit, also strengthened their magic to avoid losing to them.

After preparing for the operation, the surgeon gave instructions to Tess.

“Come on, lay it over here. There will be a lot of blood, so prepare plenty of towels.”

Tess moved Lian's body to the center of the bed with tears pouring out of her nose. Then the congressman took out a longsaw that made him feel bloody from his bag.

I lost consciousness and didn't even need anesthesia. Even if I was awake anyway, the pain was not tolerable with local anesthesia.

---------------------------------------