[383] Volume 16 - The Meaning of Survival (5)

trousers. trousers.

Hearing the sound of insects crushing and approaching, Sirone slowly raised her head.

Fermi was walking with his hands in his pockets. His distorted smile had already turned more than half of his face into a skeleton.

As he consciously chewed on the bugs in his mouth, he spat out the shell, and the students watching through his vision wrinkled their brows.

“Ugh!”

It was not something I could endure even watching it on the screen.

“Fermi isn’t easy either.”

Collie nodded at Olivia's words.

"yes. Last year, I went up to level 5 and became the final survivor. But this time with Sirone, I don't think we can guarantee the outcome.”

“Hmm… … .”

Olivia's gaze was cold.

We know that Fermi made a collusion that had nothing to do with graduation. It's just that I can't accuse it because there is no evidence.

'As expected, I'm sure he's a regular eater.'

If understanding an apple as an apple is omniscience, then accepting an apple as a strawberry is the omniscience of an outsider.

Cognitive distortion to the extent of denying the facts.

If he wasn't immortal like Sirone or self-denying like Gaold, then he could only be seen as a twisted human being from the beginning.

puck!

Sirone's right eye exploded as if it were being crushed. Then the disgusting maggots swarmed out.

Fermi was chewing and spitting out worms as he gazed at them calmly.

Even so, the throat continued to tickle.

'Certainly not in a good mood.'

To be honest, I didn't expect it to last this long.

During his senior year, Sirone was the first person to follow him through to the end of Stage 5.

'I thought it was nothing... … .'

Even during the ghost disturbance, he was just a kid. However, within a year, he was growing at a tremendous speed and came here.

'A little more… … Shall we go?'

After stage 5, Fermido has never been seen. Since he is not obsessed with winning or losing or scoring, it is okay to stop here.

However, if the opponent was Sirone, the story was different.

It was Fermi who said that elements that interfered with business should be removed by any means.

“There will be no contest here. let's go over What awaits you next?”

After speaking, Fermi spit out the bug again.

“… … .”

Sirone just kept silent.

The moment the state of the natural body is shaken even a little, the mind is turned upside down like the sea in a storm.

puck!

Sirone's remaining eye was also blown out. And with that as the starting point, the 5th stage Chungwang ended.

* * *

“Step 6! Enter super fever!”

Collie's voice trembled with excitement and anxiety.

It was only the second time in his long teaching career that a student had reached this point.

The depth of enlightenment has nothing to do with magic level or age. However, super fever was a dangerous stage even for practitioners.

“I-that… … .”

Shadows of flame flickered in the eyes of the students. Sirone and Fermi were facing each other in a world made only of fire.

The collars of the two people began to burn little by little, and soon they soared with a blazing fire, burning their bodies.

“Ugh… … !”

The students shook their heads in disgust.

The sight of the 3-meter-long flame completely burning people was enough to feel the heat even without entering the Virtual Zone.

If you feel pain through the nerves, fire directly stimulates the nerves, causing the threshold of pain.

What was even more terrifying was that this was a virtual world where bodies were reconstructed.

Roaring! Roaring!

The two of them were burning like candles on a candlestick. His expression didn't change, but his mind was screaming desperately.

It is not the same as transcending death. Humans are not that strong.

Pain travels through the body, and fear meshes with the mind like a cogwheel.

'It's a big deal. This is really dangerous.'

Sirone's face began to contort little by little. Even with the spirit of Geumgangtae, it was difficult to maintain composure.

What kind of life did Gaold live to be able to unleash this kind of hell?

But even that thought knew no bounds, and Chimi was swept away in terrible pain.

The students watching through the vision no longer shouted cheers.

It's painful enough to see, but what about the feelings of the people involved?

The moment I screamed for strength here, it was an instant to be driven into a psycho.

“Quack.”

Fermi caught sight of Sirone shimmering through the flames. Does he dare to stand up to the end against himself?

'He's a cheeky guy.'

Stage 6 was difficult even for Fermi. If he had known it was probably this much, he would have reconsidered his judgment.

'That's why it's even more annoying.'

Now, the evaluation score was pretty good.

All that matters is money.

Here, Sirone must be put to an end so that this year's one-year business can bear fruit normally.

“It holds up pretty well. Is this sauna okay?”

Sirone didn't have the energy to answer. Rather, this place was real, so I just wanted my body to burn quickly.

But cruelly, the body was reconstructed in real time and the nerve threshold was reset every moment.

“Why don’t you just give up? It's only four weeks.”

Sirone's face twisted.

At present, his mental state had reached the height of irritation. He hated everything in the world and was fed up with even being alive.

An infinite amount of resentment was accumulating to the point of leaving the spirit zone just by talking to someone.

Fermi, who is in the same space, is obviously aware of this fact. That's why it's getting on your nerves.

If so, you must respond in the same way.

"you are… … Who the hell are you?”

The students watching through the vision swallowed their saliva.

Sirone's question implied all the questions she had in her senior year.

"well? Who is it?”

Fermi was not in a normal state. However, using his own condition as a mirror, it irritated Sirone even more.

“Why did you attack Amy? why aren't you graduating? Why is a strong person like you still in school?”

“I don’t know what you are talking about. I’m just enduring well because I have a better mentality than other people.”

The students made a bewildered look at the conversation between the two.

Talking about your senior year while your body is on fire. All I could think of was that both of them were crazy.

'It's coming soon.'

Fermi intuited the limits. To pretend to be calm, the inner soul was running amok.

It's something that can't be tolerated frowning on arrogance. Would customers cling to seeing the signs suffer?

'Because publicity is important in business.'

Fermi, who activated the timer in his head, moved to give Sirone one last chance.

"Whatever you think, it's not true. Of course I know I get suspicious too. By the way, isn't the guy who stands out in the senior class getting beaten first anyway? That’s the natural order of competition.”

Sirone glared at Fermi with burning eyes.

'I know. You're using it.'

Cover up the crime in the students' competitive psychology. It was as if a guard in a bad mood that day beat up a robber according to his feelings, but no one knows.

I didn't like it, but it was an excellent strategy.

“As a graduating class senior, I will give you one piece of advice. It's not good to splash too much. If you do, you will be eliminated at the beginning.”

Sirone's nose twisted. The flames that flowed from her eyes and mouth seemed to represent anger.

“Are you threatening me?”

"It's a threat. Anyhow, that's advice. 20 points is a big score. But is that more important than one more year of seniority?”

It was a threat.

He meant that if he didn't give up here, he would drop himself in the graduation exam, just like he had done with Amy.

I know from the words of the person who was stamped by Fermi. Even Amy of the world was eliminated at the beginning without even having time to come up with a countermeasure.

No matter what event it takes, everyone will be lynched. A year of hard work will be in vain.

Conversely, if you accept the offer by donating 20 points, Fermi will surely pass you.

Because the question of whether it is more important than doing it for one more year is the same as saying that you don't have to do it for one more year.

'Give up quickly, motherfucker. Don't interfere with business and get out of school. I'll graduate right away from you.'

Sirone clenched her fists. Heat leaked from between his clenched teeth, causing his teeth to stick together.

Poor Fermi.

'Because of a guy like you... … .'

Now I could see how hard Amy had worked for the past year and what pain she had endured to become a wizard.

Fermi blew it. It made me burst into tears all night long.

"leaving out? Do whatever you can if you can. At least I will never lose to a human like you.”

Even in the heat of hell, Fermi looked down at Sirone with eyes that had lost their vitality like a corpse for a moment.

negotiations are broken

And Sirone will never become a wizard as long as she is in school.

“Okay, then look forward to it.”

With those words, Fermi turned around. it was the limit

"wait. still my words... … .”

The moment Sirone opened her mouth, Fermi's figure disappeared. The Spirit Zone was unlocked.

Fermi's eyes opened in the virtual zone. The pain of super fever was still vivid, and he couldn't even lift a finger.

Even in the midst of that, the timer in my head was constantly checking the time accurately.

'… … 2 seconds. 1 sec. This is the beginning.'

A guide voice was heard.

-Survival program level 7, enter the air coercion.

'It's a gift from me, Sirone.'

Having experienced step 6, Fermi guessed that even a regular eater could not survive step 7.

Also, if there was only one person in the history of Alpheas Magic School who passed, there was no way that Sirone would be safe.

'If you give up, that's it. But really... … ?'

Collie headed for the engine unit to turn off the Virtual Zone. Even if the team won, it was possible to challenge a higher level for individual evaluation, but at least that level was not an attack.

'It's not a step made because humans can do it. It's just a lid that sets the limits of the survival test. It has to end here.'

Colli, who put her hand on the switch in the Virtual Zone, looked back at Alfeas and said as if proclaiming.

“We will shut down the Virtual Zone.”

Fermi, who got up before he knew it, pointed at the vision.

"no. Do you think you will continue?”

"what?"

Collie's head turned as if it had been broken. Sirone, reflected in the vision, was standing in the dark, unable to see anything.

Needless to say, it was the starting point of the cowardice.

'Despicable Fermi.'

For the first time, Sirone regained her composure.

The whole process so far felt like eternity, but the past was just an event that had already disappeared.

'I will never bend to a human like you.'

Sirone did not release the Spirit Zone.

Even though he became the final winner, he felt bad because he played a lethal trick until the end.

As of today, Fermi sacrificed Sirone. It was clear that at any time, he would apply pressure with his unique agitation ability.

'Then I will press Fermi.'

That was Sirone's strategy against Fermi's.

never give up the initiative If the forces are tightly balanced between the two, agitation is impossible.

Survival level 7 is definitely a risky challenge, but it was worth trying even more.

'By the way, where is this place?'

Sirone looked around.

It is strange to say that he can see darkness, but in reality, all he could see was darkness except for himself.

Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!

Vibration was felt. It was the trembling of the entire space, unable to even feel the direction.

"uh? uh huh?”

Sirone held out his hand in an ominous mood. Darkness came hard from all sides and began to oppress him.

'Is it stampede this time?'

Both arms bent toward the body. Even in such a state, the darkness continued to develop its pushing power.

---------------------------------------