[515] A New Journey (1)

Miro and the others returned to the United Rebel Command.

This was possible because none of the rebels knew of the existence of God's Punishment.

The place Zulu changed to the drop point of God's Punishment through the Metagate is the deepest 300 meters underground in Jebul's underground Zion.

Even though the explosion was confined in a natural bunker, seismic waves swept through the entire heaven, so it was impossible to imagine what the aftermath would be if it hit the ground directly.

'Mr. Crude... … .'

Flew recalled his face as he awkwardly received the rebels' welcome greetings of victory.

If he had listened to Flew and told his subordinates the whole truth, Sirone's party would not have been sent to headquarters for treatment.

“For a winner's night! For the future of mankind!”

Under the moonlight, drunken rebels screamed loudly.

Considering the deaths of his comrades, he would not have been able to bear it otherwise.

The rebels, who dislike fuss, gathered in a quiet place to talk.

What they are most curious about is the huge earthquake that occurred at the last moment and the collapse of the spire of Arabot.

A few people testified to seeing lights falling from the sky, but no one thought it was magic.

Hundreds of torches were lit in the headquarters vacant lot, where there was no longer any fear of raids, and a drinking party took place all night long.

On the other hand, Sirone and the others were focused on receiving treatment.

It was fortunate that Saint Moriak remained on Cage B's team.

“Aaaagh!”

Arius' screams filled the infirmary.

Although the whole body had second-degree burns and a crack in the ribs, Moriak's hand casting recovery magic was brutally unstoppable.

"sorry. Be patient.”

The process of rapidly regenerating skin and attaching bones is inevitably accompanied by pain.

However, the corner of Moriac's mouth, which looked at Arius with pity, was rather twitching.

“Joe, just be patient… … Hehehe! Oh, sorry, hee hee hee!”

Moriak's face turned into a grotesque smile, and Flew's face, which was waiting for his next turn, turned pale.

According to Tarban, she had lost her personality after divorcing her husband.

In any case, her skills were excellent, and first aid was quickly administered.

Moriak, who had been laughing innocently, gradually regained his seriousness as the patients' conditions became serious.

Sein's jaw was broken, Flew's whole body was bruised and fractured, and martial artists Ethella and Kangnan's both hands were broken.

However, it was Quan who suffered the most.

The swordsman had lost one arm.

“How can I not?”

Shiina looked at her arm on the cot and asked.

Conversely, Moriak was looking at Quan's severed side.

If this amount of physical damage occurs, it is impossible to recover it with magic.

“You cut it clean. I don't think the nerves were crushed too much. If you are looking for a competent surgery ASAP… … .”

"I do not need."

Shiina turned around, but Kuan tried to ignore her gaze and maintained a cold tone.

“This is the arm I blew myself off. It's meaningless even if you say you're coming now.”

I'd be lying if I said I wasn't conflicted.

There must be a huge difference between the lame man and the lame one-armed Shiina.

But in the end, he decided to give up his arm.

What was able to protect Shiina from obscurity was the realization as a one-armed person.

What's the use of winning her heart if you can't keep it?

'The war is not over yet.'

i have to be stronger

No one could read Quan's thoughts, but Armin smiled quietly as if guessing something.

“First aid is over. It didn't cure everyone, but... … .”

Moriak looked at the two lying on the bed next to each other.

Some were incurable due to wounds in the mind, not the body.

It was Sirone and Gaold.

Even at this moment, they were locked in their respective hells and were paying the price of determination.

The maze closed the situation.

“I can’t. Anyway, I'm not dead, so let's think about it slowly. For now, I'd better take a break today."

Everyone knew that they would not be able to sleep, but no one went to their respective rooms without muttering.

The shouts of the sulpan that continued until past midnight sounded like a surprise, and most of them were whispering in melancholy voices under the stillness of the night.

It's only natural that you feel exhausted as much as you feel relaxed.

However, at least in the maze, Arius was being dragged around on a dog leash and inspecting the group's rooms one by one.

In any case, since they came all the way here to save themselves, shouldn't they take some responsibility?

Arriving at Gaold's door, she hesitated to knock.

“… … .”

However, he took a deep breath and shook his wrist.

smart.

When I opened the door without waiting for an answer, Gaold was lying unconscious on the bed and Gangnan was fetching warm water and wiping himself with a towel.

Miro looked at the bandage wrapped around Gangnan's fist.

The palm bones were almost crushed, so Moriak's recovery magic couldn't completely heal them, but she didn't even show pain and was engrossed in weaving towels.

Probably because it is in front of the maze.

“Extreme sincerity. Even if you wake up, you won't even notice anyway.”

Power entered Gangnan's eyes.

“The president of the association will come back. certainly."

Miro, who lightly brushed off Gangnan's murderous intent, smiled brightly.

"Yeah, I'm not the kind of person who would fall like this. but are you okay? If you come to your senses, you will come running to me again.”

"you… … !”

When Kang Nan's anger reached its peak, Miro corrected her expression and raised her hand.

"sorry. I'm kidding. I didn't mean to hurt you."

Arius, who was sitting on his butt like a dog in the corner, licked his lips.

Besides her, Arius was the only one who knew that Miro's horse had bones.

The spirit of Miro, approached through Dremo, is the height of nobility without the slightest trauma.

But even with her, there was a small shaking like a speck of dust.

That was what was inscribed on the twentieth pillar of the temple built in the spirit of the labyrinth.

'Mikea Gaold.'

A very small name that no one would have discovered if not for Arius, the grave robber.

It was the net that pulled Miro out of samadhi.

The human mind was originally stained with numerous wounds, so it was a flaw like dust, but it was rather surprising because of that.

'Adrias Miro, the height of inconsideration... … .'

It was only once that Gaold had shaken his heart.

-then… … save me... … .

Miro smiled bitterly as he recalled the events of that night when he unknowingly jumped out.

The only regret left in my life.

'But you... … You really did it.'

It took 20 years to make Miro's wish come true.

It wasn't something that could only be done by being strong, it was something that only Gaold could do.

Miro looked pitifully at Gaold, who had a shaggy beard growing on his skinny face.

'He's a pure-blooded bastard. How are you going to live in this harsh world with such a tender heart?'

Well, wasn't that a man named Gaold?

After thinking about it, Miro walked over to the bed and stroked Gaold's head.

“It may be a difficult place, but… … .”

Then she slowly leaned over and kissed his forehead.

“Have a good trip.”

Miro, who had been hugging Gaold for a long time, stood up again and said,

“When you’re all washed up, prepare to leave. I'll be back in the morning."

The coordinates had already been extracted from Ingris, who went with Sein to understand Ra's will.

“What are you thinking about Sirone?”

Miro stopped walking at Gangnan's question and turned his head.

“I will take you. It's a waste of power to leave it like this."

As well as the magic of divine punishment, one of the archangels, Faiel, was annihilated.

If he was a 19-year-old boy who hadn't even graduated from magic school yet, he thought it would be okay to entrust the future of mankind.

‘But I don’t think that will be easy… … .'

After leaving Gaold's room, Miro entered Sirone's room.

I saw Sirone in a deep sleep, and Fleur was reading a book on the other side of the bed.

“Ah, what happened… … ?”

“Just patrolling. How are you?”

Flew closed the book and turned to Sirone and said.

“Still shows no signs of waking up. Armand is not going to be released either.”

Valhalla Action is an ability equipped to Armand.

In addition, since it was in a state of integration with Hwasinjo, it would not be released until Sirone paid off all the debts.

Miro was able to guess that much because he had been briefed by Flew when he arrived at headquarters.

“Valhalla action. Hundreds of years?”

“I don’t know exactly. But the archangel Ikael said maybe that could be a hint.”

"What are you talking about?"

Fleur summarized what Ikael had said.

Humans cannot normally live for hundreds of years.

However, Ikael said that if the result came out like that, the cause was established in some way.

"Right. It's a reversal of cause and effect... … .”

“Did you remember something?”

Miro, who was resting her chin and rolling her eyes, stopped thinking and said.

“No, let’s focus on going back for now. We are not in a relaxed position either.”

“It does. Then when do we leave?”

"From now on."

"yes?"

“Now that the first aid is over, it would be better to send Cage Team B first. It's good that I brought several coordinates just in case.”

"okay."

If Cage Team B returns safely, you don't know how things will change from then on.

Of course, it was the strongest party and I couldn't imagine that they would use their hands in the yard that even had a maze, but it was the correct answer to move separately because it was possible to narrow the range of the siege just by identifying the repatriation point.

“Then I am preparing.”

When Miro left the headquarters after completing the patrol, Cage Team B was ready to leave in front of the main gate and was waiting.

The war in heaven was over, but the human world was about to get busier.

Tarvan approached.

“Come. Let's go.”

Miro took the Guffin disk from her pocket and inserted it into the metagate. A red light briefly emitted from the crack in the steel plate.

"it's okay. take it."

asked Tarvan, who caught the metagate thrown by Miro.

“Where is it set?”

“What do you know, in the middle of the desert or in the ass of a blue whale? It's roughly matched, so go find it on your own.”

Tarvan was not annoyed.

To be honest, it was fortunate just to be able to go back.

“What are you planning to do next?”

Miro, who had been heading to the headquarters, turned around.

"what do you mean?"

“Aren’t you also a citizen of Tormia? Why don't we go back together and cooperate with the kingdom?"

“The people of Tormia.”

Of course, Miro's homeland is Tormia.

And that motherland pushed her into a prison of a dimension that might end at any moment.

“I know you are sad. But you, as well as the Gaold team, are also the people who encountered the incident in heaven. In the future, you will be monitored by each country. Rather... … .”

“Fufu, I will politely decline.”

Miro turned around with a beautiful smile.

“Because I am everyone’s lover.”

Tarban didn't make the offer twice.

It was true that no one could stop him if he said he hated the greatest scale wizard in history.

'Gaold, you woke up the monster.'

Miro has returned to the human world.

In the future, the situation around the world will change rapidly.

'Anyway, it doesn't matter.'

When Cage Team B returns, the events that occurred in heaven will be reported to Tormia, and based on this information, they will be able to exert influence in the international community.

“Go back.”

When Tarban activated the metagate and threw it on the floor, a black sphere was born as if opening space.

"You're not really in the belly of a blue whale, are you?"

When Cage Team B left heaven and the black sphere of Metagate disappeared, the maze stopped.

“Whoa, then.”

Another disc came out of her bosom.

“Shall we go home too?”

---------------------------------------