[45] Limitless (4)

Etella followed the muttering to the place where Sirone was. Light continued to emanate from Sirone's hand.

“Sirone, you seem to be preparing well.”

"yes. In fact, I just succeeded.”

“Whoops. okay? It seems that the sequence has been successful.”

“I guess so.”

Sirone seemed to have a lot to correct for the error, so he focused on photon output again. Ethella touched her lips and examined them carefully. In fact, he expected that active magic would be quite difficult for Shirone. This is because the inclination itself is too focused on the defensive type. 

'Nevertheless, being successful... … .'

This means that modularization has been incorporated. He tried to give advice during tutoring, but as he realized himself, the opportunity to step out was gone. Instead, she made a suggestion.

“Sirone, you’ve never hit a target before, have you? Would you like to go up to the Image Zone?”

“Yes, I will try.”

The students stopped practicing and looked at Sirone. How many runs he could score was a major concern for his competitors.

Sirone waited for the target to come up. It's just practice, but it's my first speed gun training, so I was nervous like a real fight.

Etella activated the magic barrier device to prepare for any unforeseen incidents. Like Iruki before, casting magic without a magic screen could injure students as well as objects.

As the signal dropped, targets came up from all sides. As Shirone developed her number sequence, she changed her fighting style to an offensive one. Numerous thorns stretched out in all directions. Quite a number of targets were captured in one attempt.

Sirone cast photon output without delay. The moment the light flashed, the target turned to ash and disappeared.

“Wow… … .”

The children burst into exclamation. Although it is an active magic without physical power, it was overwhelming in splendor.

'Are you okay?'

Sirone continuously cast with photon output. At the same time as casting the magic, the target disappeared. It was a great advantage that there was no time difference that occurred in the distance.

'I can do this!'

Gaining confidence, Sirone shot photons in all directions. When the things he thought came true, he began to be greedy for his record.

The number of targets currently eliminated is 172. Nevertheless, with 20 seconds left, it was a situation where it was possible to easily break through to 200 points.

'As expected, you've mastered modularization.'

Etella was convinced after seeing the demonstration. It was a good phenomenon that the realization gained from the bridge that could not be crossed was connected to the sequence.

Currently, Sirone's sequence formula has 10 numbers forming a unit and rising all at once. At this rate, it was a speed that could run from zero to one hundred in two seconds.

When the device stopped working after a minute, Sirone came down from the image zone gasping for breath. The eyes of the students were focused on the display board. Final total of 342 points. This meant taking out 342 targets in one minute.

“How can you never miss? Shall I rather test with photon output?”

“Does that look easy? Since Sirone has mastered teleportation, she can also output photons.”

Students expressed various opinions. Nade and Iruki also sat side by side and talked about what they felt.

“As expected, Sirone. They specialize in defense, but they are also great in offense. Maybe with this test as an opportunity, I can rise to the top of the group.”

“I don’t know, but 342 points is nothing, right?”

“Still, it’s a good score for a first time. I couldn’t even output photons until yesterday.”

"It doesn't matter if it's your first time or not. Isn't it the ability to grasp the core that really matters? I have to say that part is great.”

"what? What's up? Are you praising Sirone?”

“You have to admit it. It'll be a good experiment anyway. We will be able to see who has the upper hand in this test.”

“What are you going to do?”

Instead of answering, Iruki robbed his seat and walked to the Image Zone.

“Miss Etella, can I try it?”

“Iruki, you?”

Ethella asked anxiously. She was like the last time, and she was a child who did not know what kind of accident she would cause if she made a demonstration.

“I’ll just practice and come down. After all, the magic barrier is also activated.”

Since it was during the exam preparation period, there was an issue of fairness in putting restrictions on certain students. Reluctantly, she agreed.

"good. go up But don't crash.”

Iruki bowed his head and entered the Image Zone. His appearance caught the attention of the students. After preparing, Iruki changed his way of living to the breakaway type. The children whispered. He didn't know that he would be able to use the breakaway type even in the targeting test.

Sirone was also surprised. Although the breakaway type shows the fastest movement among the four types, you need to be at least an offensive type to increase your score in order to catch a target coming up in multiple shots. The breakaway type must abandon synesthesia and track the target with only their eyes. Perfect one-to-one correspondence. As an analogy, it was a way to move a dot and catch a dot.

'What are you planning on doing?'

As soon as the target came up, Iruki's Spirit Zone began to move. It was shrunk to almost the size of a human face. On the other hand, the speed has become even faster. 

pop! pop! pop! pop! pop!

It was correct. Like elastic rubber, the spirit zone sharply bent her angle, clearing out her targets. No wonder the students were amazed. Also, Etella couldn't hide her surprise.

'To remove the target with a breakaway type. It's a pretty unique method.'

The count was already over 100 points. Shirone realized how amazing Iruki was. She is removing the target while looking with her eyes. Considering the speed of her movement, it was a tremendous moving sight.

'No, it's not on that level.'

Servant Syndrome's phenomenal calculation ability. It was predicting the direction of the target's movement and bringing the spirit zone in advance.

'It's embarrassing to be this surprised, Sirone.'

The moment Iruki's lips moved up, the spirit zone moved at a speed different from before.

"uh? uh?"

The students were astonished. I couldn't keep up with Spirit Zone's movements with my eyes. Every time something blurry bounced through space, targets exploded everywhere.

Puff puff puff puff!

Thanks to the minimal power of the atomic bomb, there was almost no time for the detonation reaction. If Sirone's photon output quickly overpowered the range, he moved the spirit zone to hit directly.

The count exceeded 200 points. It was faster than Sirone using modularization. If the result was visible, Sirone could admit it. However, it was still a question of how John was strengthened.

“Could it be the way I did it?”

"no. It will be different from you.”

Before I knew it, Ned was approaching me in the seat next to me.

“Iruki sees you as a rival. It's meaningless unless you win with Servant Syndrome. After all, it's incredibly fast computational power. Perhaps the number Iruki is currently counting is not 1,000 units.”

“Not 1,000 units? then?"

“One million.”

Sirone opened her eyes wide. Is it possible to count to 1 million in 1 minute? It was a different matter from feeling 1/10,000th of a second. Modularization of numbers was possible because it was an area of ​​intuition. But when it comes to repeating a routine a million times, there is no room for imagination.

Iruki used the one minute given and came down. The final score is 548 points. It far exceeded Sirone's score.

The students started to mumble. It was the first time Iruki had taken a class so seriously.

"tremendous. 548 points in breakaway. That is not a person.”

“I calculated all the equations of motion for the target with my Servant ability. Isn't that too much to be honest?"

Etela also saw Iruki differently. It can be said that it is the result of mathematical calculations up to the capture of the target with the breakaway type. However, the movement speed of the Spirit Zone could not be explained by that.

'no way? that child... … .'

Iruki came down from the Image Zone and went straight to Sirone. And he said with a twinkle in his eyes.

“How do you feel? Was it worth watching?"

Sirone had no choice but to admit it.

“It was a great demonstration. Servant Syndrome. I really didn’t know how to mathematically calculate the target’s movement.”

“Hmm, is that all? Is this disappointing?”

"what?"

Sirone replied sullenly. She looked disapproving of the compliment, which hurt her feelings. But Iruki didn't care and continued talking.

“By grouping the numbers into modulo, it speeds up the sequence. Certainly not the way only you can do it.”

Shirone was surprised that Iruki already knew. And she was anxious. On the other hand, he himself cannot even guess which method Iruki used.

“Shall I teach you, how I tried?”

Sirone's pride was hurt.

“Is it okay for me to say so carelessly? From what I hear, it sounds like you’re holding me back a lot.”

"doesn't care. It's not something I can say I know."

As expected, Iruki scratched the inside of people.

“Actually, it’s nothing. I just reduced the units by using logarithms.”

“If it’s a big number… … ? Oh, I see."

Indeed, there was such a way. Also, it was not a method that could be followed just because I knew what Iruki said.

“With logarithms, astronomical numbers can be expressed simply. This time, I did it for practice. After all, the real match is a practice evaluation.”

Any number of units can be expressed simply by applying a logarithm. It was the same for 100 million, 1 billion, and 10 billion.

However, from the beginning, logarithm was a symbol to simplify complex calculations. Therefore, when applied to a simple operation such as a sequence expression, it becomes so complex that even mathematicians cannot perform mental calculations.

But Iruki was able to do it. With Servant Syndrome's ability, he calculated by converting all natural numbers into fractions.

'A sequence expression with a log? Is it really possible for humans?'

For the first time, Sirone thought it was too easy. Karmis Amy. Members of the Ogent family. I've met quite a few geniuses in my life, but it was the first time someone with an extremely slanted pendulum of talent like Iruki.

"how is it? Can you beat me like this?”

“I am not studying to beat someone. I don't care who wins as long as I did my best.”

“That’s a standard answer. doesn't care. It's enough to think that he was that kind of guy from the start. But from now on, be careful what you say. It really offends me to hear the words of an idealist with no skills.”

Sirone grinded his teeth. What was it that was so dissatisfied with? He just wanted to say that life is precious. If even that was idealism, Sirone had no choice but to prove it.

"OK got it! let's compete I will definitely beat you in this test.”

"haha! Whatever it is possible.”

Shirone was about to shoot, but shut up when classmates who confirmed Iruki's skills rushed in.

“Iruki, you are really amazing. How did you do it? Can I teach you something too?”

“If you have such skills, why hide them? Won't you join our study group? With you, I think I can finish the project in a month.”

All of them were praised. Sirone thought it was natural. As much as that, the demonstration that Iruki showed in the image zone was shocking.

“Sirone, your insight on the bridge you couldn't cross was certainly great. but… … .”

Iruki turned around with a meaningful smile.

“My arithmetic is faster than insight.”

Sirone swallowed his saliva. He entered the magic school and competed in numerous competitions, but this was the first time that he had such a strong enemy.

Nade comforted Sirone by patting him on the back.

"cheer up. It sounds irresponsible, but it is also true that it is exciting from the point of view of the spectators. It's me, we're both friends, so it doesn't matter who wins."

“Competition is good, but I hate it. Iruki just hates me.”

"haha! What can I do? I'm a guy like that But Iruki made him do his best, so you're a great guy too. You two are probably the only ones who have the potential to break the record for Class Five.”

"huh? Is there such a thing as a high score? How many points?”

“Let’s see. As far as I know, it was 987 points?”

Sirone's eyes widened.

“987 points?”

Aside from his own score, even Iruki, who used the log, was only at a level that exceeded 500 points. He couldn't even imagine how fast he had to target to be able to score 987 points in one minute.

"tremendous. Who are you? Have you already graduated?”

"huh? What are you talking about? Don't you know that you're dating? You’re Amy senior.”

---------------------------------------