Law War (1)

The killer's haven, Melkidu.

Giyorgi stood at the place where the cadres of the catacombs and followers of Maryu had arrived.

“Is this all?”

said Euphrapus the Elder.

“Elka and Amidal are dead. Now there are only four catacombs left.”

Sergeant Marit said.

“Still, I confirmed the power of the emblem. If you hold out a little longer, you will be able to kill Yahweh.”

said Giyorgi, lowering the Devil's Bible.

“No, it ends here.”

Gultan asked.

“What do you mean? We've lost our tail and we have to run away. We must expand Satanism.”

“Now that Yahweh has figured it out, it's not as easy as before. And above all... … I can't run away.”

It was true.

“It caught up with my quantum movement. Yahweh, he has a detection ability that transcends time and space.'

Giyorgi's words make sense, but Gultan has an essential question.

“Are you really like that?”

“What do you mean?”

“Mr. Kiyorgi is a demon tribe born from the demons of Yahweh. But I don't know if that's why, but I don't feel much hostility toward Yahweh. if… …

The black aura rising from Giyorgi's body made everyone, including Gultan, tremble.

“Gultan, be careful what you say.”

"yes?… " yes."

All of the catacombs officers were at the level of a division commander, but at this moment it felt as if their rank had been set.

“I don’t need your thoughts. Among the demons, only I understand Yahweh.”

Marit took a low profile.

“I trust Mr. Giyorgi. Because everything is going as you predicted.”

“… … Bring Seina.”

Catacomb officers watched Gyorgi enter the forest.

'It's a really strange demon.'

The higher the level of human beings, the more insignificant the demons in the underworld are.

'But Mr. Giyorgi is a special case.'

It is because Sirone compressed his turbid emotions to the limit in order to reach the level of Yahweh.

'The more you squeeze the hemp, the bigger it gets.'

That huge horse was spit out of the owner and fell into hell.

'That's the leader of Satanism, Giyorgi.'

It was a demon created by Yahweh.

“Whoa.”

When it was confirmed that the bullet had been missed, Sirone knelt down and put on a painful expression.

said Mika.

- Let's go back first. The impact of the emblem's window is greater than expected. Need a break.

The wound from the spear had healed, but demonic energy was circulating through his body like poison.

'It was really dangerous.'

The reason Hand of God was breached was because it wasn't a photon-based ability.

'The skill of the mind.,

Incoming attacks regardless of physics.

If the size of the demons had reached close to 100 million, their lives would have been in danger.

'It is the spear that kills Yahweh.'

Giyorgi, who founded the Satanism to assassinate Sirone, was right.

'I have to stop it before it gets bigger.' Raising his head with a hard expression, Sirone cast a spatial movement to his original place.

Eden shouted as the flash arrived.

“Sirone!”

" also?… ”

Looking around, all demons, or those who believed in Satanism, had disappeared.

Nade and Iruki approached.

“How are you? What about Seina-san?”

“I missed it. It seems to have disappeared even in phase space. It must be Giyorgi’s hidden code.”

Iruki nodded.

“The same goes for this one. It was bathed in red light and then disappeared. But not in topological space... …

“Cool! Cool!”

Maximus coughed up blood.

Eden gave first aid with divine power, but the puncture wound to the heart was unavoidable.

Sirone approached.

“Mr. Maximus.”

“They would have gone to Melkidu. A haven for murderers. It is the hideout of the Catacombs. I heard that it only appears in reality in the deep night when it is full of yin energy.”

“Save your words. I will treat you now.” Maximus shook his head.

“I know my condition. I know Seina's skills well. and… … I am okay."

Maximus looked calm.

“I believed I could turn back time. If I had done this then, if I had made a different choice... … Could I have been happier? I ended up yielding to the devil’s temptation.”

Sirone was listening with a sad expression.

“I realized later on that it would have been the same no matter what decision I made. The way to have no regrets was not to make the right decision, but to live with responsibility for the choices you made. I was stupid.” Maximus turned to Sirone.

“Humanity will be united when everyone can take responsibility for their cause. But that's either impossible or in the very distant future. If you want to save mankind, you must dig their causes to the end.”

first cause.

“Perhaps even the sin of being born. That would be extremely difficult indeed... …

Maximus held Sirone's hand.

“If you can't even dream, nothing amazing will ever happen. However, if even one person dreams, it is not the end. So please, last

until… …

an impossible dream.

Staring into space with a slightly surprised expression, Maximus passed away.

“Sleep well.”

Sirone stood up and looked at the people.

The priests who had escaped from the demon stream were bowing their heads without even wearing clothes.

“Go back to the Vatican.”

There was no answer.

“Go back and publicize all of this. If Satanism is not stopped, great disasters will come.”

“Ha, but!”

One of the priests said in a dying voice.

"we… … With what qualifications.”

Sirone's eyes lit up.

'That's probably not the reason.'

It is because they enjoyed the play of beasts, which they could not bear to do while wearing human masks.

Even if he had repented, excommunication would have been a fait accompli, and he would have been criticized by believers around the world.

Priests were miserable.

'I can't even die. How can I reveal that I did such a thing with my own mouth?'

Eden came to Sirone's side.

“I can't help it. For those people, the title of priest is more important than their faith. If it were the opposite, I wouldn’t have fallen for Satanism in the first place.”

said Iruki.

“For now, let's think about getting Seina-san back. Didn't Maximus say Melkidu? He has to go there.”

Nade asked.

“It only appears in reality in the middle of the night full of negative energy. Is there such a space in the world?”

" there is."

Sirone said.

“Because the laws of space can develop independently in remote areas where humans cannot reach. Actually, the civilization of the tribes hiding in the jungle is very different from ours, isn't it? That the observer's gaze is different. If that tendency persists for a very long time, it will become a mountain in the mountains of the Burstark Triangle or the Mino Mountains.”

Iruki nodded.

“The sailboat suddenly disappears, or the magnetic field gets stronger and the stones float. But it will take a really long time for a system like that to take root.”

"huh. In fact, in the case of the Burstark Triangle, there was a gap in the line of sight for more than 10,000 years. The rapids were so strong that the boats only circled around the triangle. That relative isolation created a hole in the law. Of course, now that navigation technology has developed, it is a trend that is blocked. In the case of other regions, they are disappearing one by one due to the expansion of civilization.”

Sirone raised her index finger.

“But there are still places untouched by civilization. I've been to Andre's Labyrinth. Whether it's a codenamed city that ranks all populations, you must choose black and white.

It's like white black.”

"aha."

I had heard of it before.

“Melkidu is also a place with its own laws. Since Mr. Maximus said it was a haven for murderers... …

Eden narrowed his eyes.

“It must be a place penetrated through the eyes of a murderer.”

“… … Is that right?”

Just imagining it was terrifying.

Delta headquarters.

The office of the National Intelligence Service at the center of Tormia Sector was hot like a steamer.

“Whoa.”

It was because access was strictly controlled, but the heat emitted by Dante also played a role.

"Oh really!"

Eventually, when he couldn't stand it and hit the table, the three employees turned to Dante.

“Boss, calm down.”

“… … sorry."

He quickly regained his composure and apologized, but his overheated brain showed no signs of cooling down.

Smoking a cigarette, Dante carefully examined the chart showing the relationship between the 12 temple nations.

'The whereabouts of Reum, Garto, and Temika.'

In a network more complex than a spider's web, Dante counted all the cases.

'The problem is that it keeps missing.'

Even at this moment, officials from 12 countries were supposed to be meeting in the shadows.

The same goes for Tormia.

However, the result obtained through intelligence was quite different from Dante's prediction.

'It's because of that pyramid.'

What has changed now is the decline of the angels, but that alone completely revises each country's strategy.

Dante is the best in the world when it comes to information processing, but it was difficult for the system to change.

'When the system changes, it means that the meaning contained in the information changes. Apples become knives. This is not information warfare.'

It's a law war.

'Thus, the ability to extract the meaning contained in the information, an expert in the law is needed.'

This was the reason why the countries bordering the current Moon Kingdom were flocking to it.

'Is it an alliance after all? No, we need an expert on our side anyway. But if anyone takes it... … security is broken

'Thormia has talent, but I can't believe it. Once it leaks out, it's the end.'

Seeing as Flew approached Gis, there was no one to trust.

Dante put on his clothes and headed for the door.

“I’ll go get some fresh air.”

"Boss… …

The staff with sad faces looked at the closed door and said.

“We are hot too.” After leaving the Delta Headquarters, Dante smoked a cigarette as the wind cooled his sweat.

“Haha, annoying.”

As I watched the guards patrolling, I heard a sound through the wall.

“Let’s go in!”

"huh?"

It was an accent familiar to Dante.

“The law is changing! If humanity is not warned, disaster will befall sooner or later!”

the guard shouted.

“You must have a nationally recognized pass! Do you know how many capable people there are besides you?”

“I am Lyria of the Achaeans. The mage who worked with Mr. Miro in Shion!”

“Maze or something, if you keep doing this, according to international law… … !”

“Lia Lia?”

The guard turned around at the voice he heard from behind and quickly stepped aside.

"sorry. Because this woman is making a fuss.”

Anyone from the main office did not even need to check the affiliation card worn on the chest.

"uh? Dante!”

When Lilia happily raised her hand and tried to approach her, the guards stopped her.

“I can’t!”

“Dante! Talk to these people! Something big is happening in the world right now!”

"ah??????

Dante walked away with a dazed expression.

“Sooner or later the time wave will come. If we don't suppress the power of the pyramid... … Wow!”

Before she could finish her words, Dante hugged her.

"excuse me… … Dante?”

While Lyria awkwardly rolled her eyes, Dante let out a sigh of relief.

all.

“Haaaaa.” she lived