reroread(3)

"attack!"

Nearly 4,000 users gathered on the Zeta Plateau fired firearms at once.

It was much more powerful than the sum of the firepower that occurred during the first collision of the solar war.

“Damn it.”

Nevertheless, compared to the durability of 72 million, it was only a scratch level.

“Gaaaaa!” As Dr. Martin screamed, a powerful sound wave hit the user's aircraft.

With resistance felt as if hit by a strong wind, the rankers jumped out to the fore.

"go! go! Let's get it done quickly!”

As the users approached, Dr. Martin raised both fists and stamped hard into the ground.

Noise was mixed in the roar, as if it had exceeded the limits of the amount of sound that could be contained.

'strong.'

It was so powerful that even a ranker equipped with powerful armor could die instantly with a single blow.

'But the pattern is simple.'

Aegis made wide-area communications.

- As a result of the analysis so far, Dr. Martin's patterns are three in total. Physical attack, beam attack, sound wave attack.

Even that was threatening to users with low levels, but rankers could avoid it.

The problem was durability.

“I’ll be thrilled.”

-Durability: 71,138,473/72,000,000 Dr. Martin did not even catch fire even in the state of full charge, the highest firepower section.

-Everyone back off!

The rankers who checked the satellite in Yahweh 2's communication looked back with a surprised expression.

The sphere of light seen with the naked eye was vibrating with a much more violent feeling than the video.

'You were concentrating the photons. About 1 minute?'

Yahweh 2, which had passed through all the rankers, fired the Michelan's gun at Dr. Martin.

Aaaaaaaang!

The doctor's face, which had not budged from the stray bullets, turned to the side as if it would break.

"what… …

The rankers doubted their eyes.

-Durability: 70,605,985/72,000,000 Aegis reported to Yolgas son.

- Impact amount 532,488. That's an unbelievable number. 133 rounds left until total destruction.

- Duel level between users. Fermi stuck out her tongue.

'The amplitude of the resonance meshes with the limits of the system. To exert even greater power than now, the condensation time has no choice but to increase exponentially. After all, one shot per minute.'

As Sirone stepped back, the operator entered.

'collapse.'

As the black field hit the ground, the black magnetic field expanded like an explosion and pulled Dr. Martin in.

“Insignificant creatures!”

Tapping the ground with both hands, Dr. Bertin Martin's torso collapsed.

“Gaaaaa! Aaaaaa!” Hearing screams mixed with noise, the users fired another volley.

“Is it surprising?”

Durability decreased faster than expected, and Yahweh 2's Michelan's gun, which was applied every minute, accelerated the damage.

“Win! you can do it!"

When it finally fell below 36 million, Dr. Martin's weak spot caught fire.

And at that point, users near Zeta Plateau arrived one by one.

"Hurray! It is finally our world!”

The target they attacked was not Dr. Martin, but the fiercely fighting rankers.

Aegis communicated.

- Anarchists. It's low level, but it will get in the way during a skirmish.

-Do you have anything grand to say? They're just freaks. kick it out Because I can't reconnect anyway.

Fermi is the head of one of the madmen

I grabbed hold of it and pushed the electric shock.

“Aaaagh!”

The struggled aircraft exploded, and Yolga's son shook his hands and split the smoke.

The little witch came.

“You work hard.”

“I have overtime. Is there a problem? Surely you don’t have it in your heart, do you?”

I punched a hole in the head of the little witch with the white flag.

“Of course I keep it. It's my decision to take it out or not. What are you thinking anyway?”

“Shouldn’t we keep it for now? I think it’s like playing a hero to save the world.”

The little witch looked back at the operator.

“He is the person Yahweh 2 needs. We could write a program to mine Apocalypse.”

So it was a hindrance.

'Shall I kill him?'

If you kill the operator, Sirone will be forced to come to Kashan.

I could feel the life in Yoga's son.

"if… …

Wu Lin stopped talking.

"know. It's a stupid idea. Maybe now is the point where the secrets of the world can be revealed.”

From the standards of high gear, the real world can be seen as the outside world.

Fermi agreed.

“When you go out into the real world, Argones activates. This is a fact confirmed in Apocalypse. But if it's this place, and if it's Yahweh 2, you might get some information. Of course, assuming you reach Ultima.”

“Will you come back?”

“The reason why Argones didn't activate is probably because you have administrator authority. But if you turn that fact upside down and analyze it, the outside world didn't recognize me as an enemy. If you come back to our world, it might all be over.”

“You have to find it in there.”

What Buddha knows, Yahweh must know.

"Yahweh 2's stupid move is helpful in its own way, but it's impossible for mankind to reach Ultima anyway."

“Because humans basically hate others. If he says the majority is right, he will surely have a minority to rebel against.”

As her back opened, eight guided missiles flew with their tails hanging down.

Nearby mobs exploded.

“It’s these guys. How nice it would be if it was this easy in real life...”

“I have my own plans. I don't know if Yahweh2 will understand, but annihilation will be prevented.”

“Yolga… …

This time Fermi stopped talking.

"no. It's a business. If everyone dies, who will I get money from?”

Looking at the smiling Fermi, it seemed easier to understand when there was no expression.

“I will help you.”

The little witch raised her index finger.

“If I help you, it will be much easier to lay the boards. Instead, we share the information we get here.”

'I knew it.'

It was like poisoned candy, but Uorin's understanding of the system was unmatched.

“I also propose. A puppet called Yahweh 2, I am the only one who moves.”

If he gave the key to Uorin, who wanted to own Sirone, there was a high possibility that he would run out of control.

"good. You take charge here.”

After the conclusion, Fermi asked.

“How are you? A guy named Number Seven seems to be instigating it, so what if we use him to create a game?”

“I know the location, but it will be useless. Even if you kill him, the creature doesn't disappear. You will only end up hating Yahweh 2 for no reason.”

'Should I finally settle it here?' Aegis communicated.

- The number of anarchists is growing. I think there are about 1,000 people.

It was a fairly large number, but it was only natural when you recall where this place was.

- Release the hounds.

The gold coin moved, and the subordinates who received Uorin's instructions began to hunt the idiot.

In the meantime, the troops who participated in the solar war desperately drove Dr. Martin.

'790,000 durability! It's just now!'

Although it lost 80 users, it was a good performance against the most powerful machine ever.

At the center of that propaganda was Sirone.

'One last shot!' After checking the falling durability level in real time, Sirone fired the Michelan gun.

“Gaaaaa!”

The huge body of Dr. Martin, whose body was burning with fire, began to fall forward.

“Aaaaaa! damage!"

An earthquake of inconceivable mass is driven into the ground and an earthquake occurs...

It was quiet for a while.

“I did it. You really did it.”

72 million durability was all cut off.

“We won… … !” At that moment, Dr. Martin's head exploded with a bang, causing a new death.

"what? The last pattern?”

What a pitiful thought that was, everyone realized the next moment.

-Dr. Martin's Counterattack. He showed his true colors. An artificial intelligence driven by madness will eliminate you.

At the point where the head exploded, a crab-like aircraft with 14 legs walked out.

Information appeared in augmented reality.

-Dr. Martin (body).

Users who confirmed that it was level 4,500 checked the durability in a daze.

- Endurance:

750,000,000/750,000,000

“750 million… …

A low, emotionless machine voice flowed from the gigantic machine.

"jeon. person. Ryu. perish. fat."

A siren sounded, and a black curtain spread like a net from the back of the body.

All of them were grenades and started flying towards the user at breakneck speed.

Pupper puffer puffer puff! Mushroom clouds of explosions rushed across the vast land as if they were sprinkled from the sky.

Communications were flooded while half of the users who participated in the solar war died.

- Organize the battle lines! fight again!

When the smoke cleared, the sky was covered with countless mechanical creatures.

Users were stunned by the number that made them lose their fighting spirit just by looking at it.

'It's over.'

When everyone thought so, there was a user who rushed towards the body.

"operator!"

Running at the speed of sound, she pulled out the black field horizontally and gnashed her teeth.

“Number Seven… …

I knew it wasn't a simple game after seeing the durability of 750 million.

“Are you going to destroy my world?”

If I die, I die, but I couldn't see it with my own eyes, and this time I was serious.

“You son of a dog!”

Arriving at the main body avoiding the barrage, she swung her sword while increasing the output of her high gear.

“Do you think I will be taken away by someone like you?” He tried to wield the black field countless times, but the main body scratched the beam on the ground without paying attention.

Through the satellite screen, I saw the images of users who were being attacked by creatures. The rankers were also helpless.

"die! die!"

As he swung his sword in anger, a shadow fell over his head.

The body's legs aimed at her and began to fall downward with all its might.

The operator put out a hump.

“Yaaaaa!”

Her mind was stunned by the mass she felt throughout her body the moment iron and iron met.

The blade shattered like glass.

'I'm angry.'

The moment the huge legs try to crush her.

When the main body's legs came to a standstill, the operator doubted his own eyes.

“Uh, how… … ?”

Before she knew it, Yahweh 2, who had arrived next to her, was enduring the weight of the main body with her bare body.

“The system is broken.”

As Dr. Martin's main body completely came out of this world, the system was damaged.

Therefore, pagye.

"then… …

Sirone can also reach the unique signal that is the final destination of this world.

'Inert.'

When Yahweh 2 widened its eyes, the main body let out a mad sound and slowly raised its legs.

“Get out quickly!”

The operator who came to his senses threw himself, and Sirone spurred the ground out of the radius.

With a thump and the ground shaking, Sirone flew high into the sky.

'There is no fixed form.'

As the sphere of light condensed on the Michelan tendon grew exponentially, two suns appeared in the sky.

The moment the operator looked up, Sirone fired the flashlight straight down.

“Kiaaaaaaaaa!”

The sound generated by the body's system sounded like a machine screaming.

- Endurance:

660,989,764/750,000,000

'Power of 89 million?'

Subsequently, all 14 legs were bent, and the body was crushed to the ground.

- Endurance:

420,818,812/750,000,000

'Additional damage. I pressed it with force.'

When the roar subsided, Fermi, still in a calm state, looked back at the body.

“It’s mute.”

There's no doubt that he's a guy who can do it in real life.

“Well then… …

Numerous creatures were harassing users in each city of High Gear.

“It is uncharted territory from now on.”

Ultima System.