[503] Wholeheartedly (2)

“Humans… … .”

Wu Lin said.

“You can throw your heart into everything.”

It was the conclusion she came to after experiencing many lives.

“But I can’t take it. We are only beings tossing at something.”

That is why greed and aspirations are never satisfied, and this world is full of chaos.

“It’s self-centered, so I might as well die.”

When we actively seek death, we become something more than human.

“I throw everything, even at lifeless things.”

“In a sense, it is selfish.”

Uorin laughed at Gando's words.

"okay. Humans are selfish animals. But, Gando, that is the fear of humans. Being so selfish that you can act altruistically. We are such contradictions.”

Uorin doesn't know what's going on in Heaven, but the reason she can know without seeing is because she understands the nature of humans.

Gaold's party will destroy the future.

With an extremely selfish heart, with a terribly altruistic act, he was throwing his heart at something.

“This is… … .”

Kuan moved.

“It is my grave.”

As soon as he kicked off the ground with his right foot and jumped out, it felt like the scenery of the world was turned upside down.

But in fact, it was Kuan's body that was turned upside down, and in the upside-down state, his body began to sway in an unstable trajectory.

'I can't predict the sword path.'

Even with his insight beyond the creature's limits, he couldn't even determine how Quan's attack would strike.

“Huh!”

In a matter of seconds, Quan's sword passed by the nape of his neck.

And only then did Moo-myeong realize, albeit vaguely, why his judgment was paralyzed.

The reason why you can't predict the sword path is because it doesn't exist from the beginning.

Amidst all kinds of uncertain variables, a decisive line of movement is being built.

It was completely contrary to the human mindset of setting and acting on purpose, so even if you know it, you can't stop it.

'Should I cut off my arm too?'

I thought so for a moment, but then I shook my head.

The reason why parts of the body were cut out was that the balance that had been maintained until now was no longer needed.

He didn't realize it because he cut off his arm, but because he already realized it, he didn't need the arm.

'It's terrifying, what a sword.'

The first skill I learned after being born into this world.

Maybe it wouldn't have mattered if it was commonplace, but now I know.

The fact that what you are holding contains the mystery of infinity.

'I want to conquer!'

An intense desire that could not be replaced by anything struck the brain of an unknown person.

The small realizations of swordsmanship, which can be obtained at the end of a very boring and simple act over several years, were embodied in his body every second, raising his skills to the limit like the speed of light.

“Huhhhhhhh!”

The nameless pupils tightened and the tongue protruded from the gaping mouth.

The image of him floundering with his twin swords forward is like a madman.

Shiina and Armin looked at the child crying and screaming, and they got goosebumps.

The extreme of swordsmanship, which was concluded by a genius with a unique propensity that could never be born from a human, was neither as beautiful nor as brilliant as humans had thought.

However, in terms of the efficiency of killing people contained in the technology, it was so perfect that no prosecutor could present a different opinion.

As if dozens of knives were coming from behind, Nameless rushed forward carrying the possibilities of numerous swords.

"no!"

As Shiina jumped up and tried to jump out of the barrier, Armin grabbed her by the waist and pulled her.

It wasn't at the level that the technology could be taken away by an unknown person.

It was clear that the sword-crazy genius wouldn't even pay attention to magic.

That's why, in front of the extreme murder that was able to be reached, even if it was Armin, his head was cut off the moment he showed up.

“Shina! This is not our place!”

The reaction speed of the unknown who perfectly chose the path of a swordsman had reached a level that even the most outstanding wizard could not catch up with.

Shiina burst into tears.

The ignorant, obscure swordsmanship was almost absolutely saying Quan's death.

'because of me… … because of me… … .'

Suddenly, for the first time, I felt that way.

Because it is a mission that anyone can die, Quan's death only converges with everyone's death.

So I could speak confidently.

But at this moment, Shiina felt guilty.

It also meant that Kuan's death no longer converged with everyone else's death.

'Don't die! If you die... … !'

After pushing Armin away, Shiina took a step outside the stop barrier.

"Do not come!"

At that time, Quan's cry hardened her feet.

She realized it late, but at the same time, an unknown sword passed in front of her eyes.

It was an unknown person who had not been able to cut Shiina, but there were no more words of ridicule.

His gaze was only focused on the unknown human named Quan.

“… … please.”

Kuan, who belatedly added honorifics, was covered in blood from numerous wounds.

He was panting as fast as his heart, but his eyes were still alive.

After confirming that Armin took Shiina back, he headed for unknown with a terrifying intent to kill again.

'shit. Really strong, you bastard.'

If this creature goes over to the human world, how much will Fengzhang sacrifice to stop it?

Even at the edge of death, it was the prosecutor's curiosity that was inevitably aroused.

Also, the question that followed was this.

'If I were now, would I be able to cut a windmill?'

For the first time, thoughts that had been deliberately ignored due to the trauma were installed in my head.

I'm still not sure I'll win, but I don't think I'll lose like I used to.

At that moment, Kuan felt hot and felt fortunate to be born into the world for the first time.

'It ends here.'

The schema suppressed the bleeding as much as possible, but it could not completely stop the blood from the amputated arm.

Whatever the outcome, this is the end.

'I have no regrets.'

Quan lowered his sword and approached Nameless.

limp. limp.

The corner of an unknown mouth trembled as he watched Kuan crippled.

With every step he took, the scenery shook and shook, and finally Kuan's figure began to flicker.

It is out of cognition.

'I can't do this even for the rest of my life.'

Differentiation of individuality, not a matter of state.

The moment I realized that you and my sword were different, Moo-myeong started liking the sword for the first time.

'Then this is my sword.'

At the same time as Nameless charged, Quan's body rotated.

“Huhhhhhhh!”

If the precise murderous intention contained in the madness is the nameless sword, then Quan's sword was splendid and beautiful.

'okay.'

In the midst of the jumbled scenery, Kuan accurately pulled out Shiina's face.

'I am clown clown.'

A clown who could neither approach nor distance, just dance in front of her.

“Huhhhhhhh!”

The blade of an unknown blade grew sharper, as if it split space into infinity, and Quan hurled himself toward the infinite death.

'I won.'

Even if she dies, Armin will be by Shiina's side.

'That I won.'

beat Armin.

I saved Shiina.

At the end of a miserable life, the only thing left is that little consolation that no one knows.

Quan's eyes were reddened, but his wife grabbed the sword with a grotesque smile.

What does it matter?

'I am a black demon!'

Quan's body started shaking like crazy as it spun at the highest speed ever.

“Aaaaaaaaa!”

A single flash of light cut through the gap with the nameless sword that had been dominating the whole.

* * *

“Ergaaaaa!”

Zulu's throat was torn and he let out a scream.

Red blood was flowing down the eyes that were wide open, and the expression on which the soul escaped was grotesque enough to feel the cold.

oh oh oh oh!

The more so, the power of the lich became stronger.

Kali's four great arms alternately activated their abilities, but Lich was willing to accept any death.

An orb of electricity rose from the top of the lich's head and spread power in all directions.

Even after the blue electricity disappeared, an afterimage of white light was engraved on the retina, and Shion's equipment was destroyed in the glittering scenery.

Zulu burst into tears as if his mind had reverted to a three-year-old.

lonely.

the most lonely in the universe

The heart that could not be thrown to anyone became a hungry ghost and ate the inner flesh and dug deeper and deeper, bringing Zulu's loneliness down to the abyss.

oh oh oh oh!

"Unbelievable… … .”

Carly's skin trembled.

Lich was showing to the extreme how far the human mind could fall into abyss.

Zulu's mind grew thicker and darker, and the lich's lightning bolts spread inexorably.

Hundreds of electricity scraping along the walls of Zion finally coalesced and hit Kali's body.

“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

Not even the death god's screams could compare to the lich's sorrow.

Lich embraced Carly's body and turned herself into electricity.

Passssss!

Cracks began to appear in Kali's black body, and finally hardened into hard ash.

Even after Lich and Kali disappeared at the same time, the mind that fell into the abyss did not calm down easily.

Zulu knelt down and hugged Erga while calling Erga's name.

“Erga. Erga.”

“Kirrrr.”

As the boss was activated, a small black bird floated in front of Zulu's eyes.

Erga, with a cold expression, was looking down at Zulu with disgust.

* * *

“Aaaaa! Aaaaaa!”

Kanya hugged Babel and sobbed.

The disorganized form looked more gruesome than death.

Life didn't exist from the beginning, but it didn't matter to Kanya.

Because humans are very lonely beings.

"why… … Is life really this hard?”

Uorin looked up at the ceiling and asked like a girl.

“Why does the one who gives his heart have to suffer more?”

Gando looked at Uorin, who was making a vague expression, and thought.

Does she know that she is in pain thinking of someone?

That he was in pain looking at her right now.

'Perhaps I don't know.'

because it is human

In the Hall of Corruption, where even Kariel had left, Uriel only vaguely understood Ankera at the end of the war.

Gaold still fought, but no longer posed any threat.

His mind had already gone to hell, and what moved him now were only the animal signals of his final fighting instinct.

“Aaaaa! Aagh!”

Kang Nan pulled his arms with all his might.

Little by little, a tingling sensation came from the wrist affected by the <parasitic insect>.

It must have been painful, but it was Gangnan's only hope.

'do!'

Feeling pain means that the ability of <Jachung> is not working properly.

The blind will to go to Gaold transcended Gangnan's body and was working.

“Aagh! Aww! Aww!”

As the handcuffs collided with the wrists, a rattling sound was heard, and blood began to leak as the red-hot skin peeled off.

'This is human.'

Uriel thinks.

the one who throws his heart

It can flow in both good and evil, and that is why it collapses the absoluteness of this world.

A being born in the Akashic Record, but moving toward the outside of the Akashic Record.

“Ah! Aww! Aww!”

Kang Nan swung his arm with all his might.

When the power beyond the ability of the self-transcendence was applied through the divine transcendence, a dreary sound finally began to be heard.

Awesome. Awesome.

The recoil of her slashing arm was growing little by little as the bones cracked.

---------------------------------------