[374] Volume 16 - Senior Class Information Session (2)

The Courage of Truth begins and the first question ends. That alone created a subtle tension among the students.

Although it is an unwritten rule for the senior class not to mention the words spoken today again, the people concerned couldn't help but feel hurt.

All of them are fighting desperately.

'It's like this. If I didn't know, I would have been in big trouble.'

Sirone looked back at Amy with a much lighter heart.

No matter what question came up, I only had to point to her, so the risk of getting caught up in a nervous war from the beginning disappeared.

Amy met Sirone's eyes and shrugged.

She also took this course in her senior year last year. To Sirone, her freshman in her senior year, she was an aid worth more than gold.

'Thank you, Amy. Thank you very much.'

Psychological pressure wrapped in the name of tradition.

Being able to avoid the psychological checks of competitors from the beginning would definitely work as an advantage in the senior year.

“Haha, good! Then shall we move on? How about you, Pony this time? Because you have to do it once anyway.”

Pony asked Nade, who was standing across from her, holding on to her ice-like face.

"well. Who was the first person you saw when you came here?”

It was such a bland question that there was no room for psychological warfare. She seemed to have no interest in the courage of truth.

The screamer looked back at her in disappointment.

“Hey, is that all? Let's have some fun.”

"it's okay. This is childish.”

Nade confirmed all aspects of Class Two. Any question can be searched for meaning, but as much as Pony asked lightly, he pointed to someone frankly.

“The first person I saw was that old man?”

His eyes focused on the person Nade pointed to.

He was a tall man with perfect curly hair, dark skin from long exposure to the sun, and thin cheekbones.

Sirone realized that Nade wasn't playing psychological warfare. In fact, she was the first person he noticed when he came here too.

'It's a fisho.'

Ficho was twenty-five, the oldest in his senior class, and looked thirty-five from his looks alone.

His major is Insect. As a magic that deals with insects, it was in a very unique position among various types of magic.

I knew that the Insect system was more developed in the field of science than magic.

As it is difficult to harmonize with other classes, most of the majors turn to scholars, but they are holding out at school until they are twenty-five because they can be treated much better if they acquire a wizard license.

The result, as trivial as the question, smacked his lips. Then he decided to step out himself to change the atmosphere.

Can't we blow away the opportunity to step on freshmen who have just entered their senior year?

“Then I will ask you this time.”

Screamer's opponent was Dante. As it was the first place in Class 2 and Class 3, it felt like a grand battle.

“Who thinks this guy can win unconditionally? I mean, the student who thinks he's so weak that he can throw out a bowl of muk with just one finger.”

Even though it was not a question to herself, Sirone naturally became nervous.

No matter who you name, your pride will be crushed. It was a question that no matter what choice was made, there was no choice but to remain.

Dante frowned and thought.

The students of Class Two watched him with sharp eyes. There were faces asking me to choose where to go.

“Hmm, is this really difficult?”

The screamer laughed, revealing his characteristic red tongue.

“You just have to be honest. No matter what choice you make, the unwritten rule is never to retaliate.”

“Can’t we just say all of Class Two? I guess it's all there anyway.”

The atmosphere that seemed to explode with excitement subsided in an instant. Class Two's expression grew cold, and Sirone's eyes widened.

Those were the words that Dante, who was once the kingdom's best prospect, could utter.

'anyway… … Your personality is also amazing, really.'

The screamer wasn't thrilled.

It was not that he was ignorant of Dante's intentions. It was a strategy to alleviate hostility by distributing emotions to everyone.

“Sorry, but that's not possible. You must choose only one. That is the rule of the courage of truth.”

Dante carelessly pointed at the screamer.

"okay? Then what to do with you Since you are number one in Class Two, if I choose you, everyone will be below me.”

'Is this bastard really crazy?'

Even the screamer couldn't help but get a fever this time.

Air servant Dante. The number one prospect who was evaluated as the best at the Royal Magic School.

Even now, he was one of the most talented people to be considered for the first rank of graduates.

However, the public's evaluation was based on the standard of the advanced class.

Beyond the steel door, it is no longer an advanced class.

No matter how good your skills are, if you stumble once, you will fall into the abyss. It was the competitive system of the advanced class.

'This is why I hate kids. When they ask me if I'm from the advanced class, I don't know how high the sky is and run wild.'

Dante's declaration of war was effective. Class Two's face, which had been smirking, finally began to become serious.

“Can I ask a question this time?”

Maya raised her hand and said.

He didn't really need anyone's permission, but the screamer nodded as if he had the right to do so.

"try."

Maya tightened her smile and looked at Sirone.

Waiting for the question, Sirone salivated. What question will you ask?

At first, I thought it was nothing, but when the situation came, I couldn't help but feel my heart beating fast.

'You only have to choose Amy. Because it's already been promised. No matter what questions come, there is no burden.'

Maya asked with her eyes shining.

“Which girl is so lovely that you want to hug and kiss her right now?”

"hmm… … uh?"

Sirone's eyes twitched.

This time, even Amy could not hide her bewilderment, as if it was unexpected.

Sirone stared at Maya's mischievous smile.

This is not a matter of choosing an answer. The question is chosen on the assumption that you already know the answer.

'What do we do? Should I just name someone else?'

I tried my best, but in the end there seemed to be no better solution than sticking to the old strategy.

“I, I… … .”

Sirone lowered her blushing face and pointed at Amy.

Then, unable to bear the embarrassment, Amy quietly turned her head and looked at the distant mountains.

“Wow! really? Were you really dating?”

Eider made an exaggerated fuss and pressed Sirone.

In fact, rumors were circulating in the senior class that the relationship between Sirone and Amy was a fake romance.

In my senior year, I avoid dating on campus. This is because the probability that lovers join hands and pass in the final 10 is extremely small.

The screamer cheered up the atmosphere by clapping.

“Hey, but to be honest, you have great courage, don’t you? Why don't you show it to me while I'm talking about it?"

Ignoring Sirone, she turned to Maya. She was just laughing as if she was having fun.

Why did Maya ask herself this question?

After this moment, you'll never have a chance to hear it, but questions like this don't pressure a freshman, and they don't particularly interest her.

The courage of truth continued, and finally, it was Luman's turn to ask Iruki a question.

Ruhman, who had eaten a bag of potato chips while waiting, said as he stuffed the last crumbs into his mouth.

“Then I will ask you a question. Who is the girl in Class Two who will never be a virgin?”

Pony's golden eyebrows slanted fiercely.

“Low quality… … .”

This is why I didn't like the tradition of the senior class. Why should a person of royal blood be a candidate for this question?

No matter what Pony's thoughts were, Luman explained further as if he was not satisfied.

“I mean, a woman who seems like she’d just roll around with any guy.”

The women's unpleasant rage seemed to flare up.

It was one of the reasons Luman couldn't get out of Class Two even though he had excellent crowd control skills.

“Hmm, that’s right.”

Iruki put his chin on his chin and tried to find his own reason.

Of course, there is no way to know just by appearance. However, choosing something based on intuition was also not my constitution.

Excluding Amy, there were a total of four women in Class Two: Pony, Maya, Suabi, and Dorothy.

Iruki looked at Pony's face first. As if insulted by that alone, Pony gently twisted his head.

'It's royal... … .'

The first impression of Pony was a cold and lofty ice flower.

If you're a royal family, at least you won't hang out with common aristocrats. In terms of standard deviation, the male group had no choice but to shrink.

'First of all, is this the case with Maya?'

Maya watched with excitement to see what kind of answer would come out. She herself was also a candidate, but it seemed that she was just having fun with the current situation.

'Do you like it too openly? this is a bit... … .'

Iruki turned his gaze to Suabi.

With her brown hair in short braids, she hadn't said a word from the start of the senior year event until now, and hadn't even made eye contact with anyone.

Her personality seemed as docile as her rabbit-like appearance, and she was now trembling with fear.

'I'm too shy. Aren't you majoring in utilities?'

Utility magic was an auxiliary class that supported other wizards rather than doing something alone.

If sound magic is strong in wide-ranging buffs, utility focuses on personal enhancement and has excellent effects.

In the world of pros, it is the first class to be sought in a party, but since it is more dependent than crowd control, there were not many wizards who chose it as their major.

As she had to deal with numerous wizards, Suabi's timid personality was certainly surprising.

However, if you think about it in a different way, you could say that I chose my major because I had a weak self-esteem and a passive personality.

'You are very anxious. on the other side… … .'

Iruki moved his gaze to Dorothy for the last time.

It was a girl with oversized glasses and vaguely open eyes.

It could be said that she was pretty, but she didn't seem to pay any attention to her appearance.

She was a 4D girl who always carried a tin doll of scrap metal to be manipulated.

Sirone also took a special interest in Dorothy.

Having heard about Jonah from Fleur, this year's Dorothy looked quite different from last year's.

'That doll was moved by an algorithm. I thought it was something like Harvest.'

Iruki finished his thoughts.

His finger extended to the right and pointed at Dorothy.

“Do it with you.”

Everyone's eyes focused on her, but Dorothy didn't react. It was as if she was the only one living in another world.

Iruki shyly lowered his hand.

After a while, she returned to reality and opened her mouth.

“Why me?”

Iruki shook his head as if it was a good question.

“What I observed was resignation and resistance. If it's seriously promiscuous, you won't want to reveal it to others. By that standard, you were the best at blocking out your emotions.”

Dorothy left for another world again, as if asking what to do. And only after 10 seconds he came back and opened his mouth.

"that's right."

The boys turned to Dorothy with surprised eyes.

You don't even have to answer from the courage of the truth. However, when he confessed with his own mouth, he was curious about what he would say next.

“I love all men.”

Dorothy met Iruki's eyes for the first time.

“Iruki. I love you too.”

Iruki's eyelids opened and closed quickly.

“And I love women too.”

"huh?"

A question popped up from someone.

Either way, Dorothy lowered her eyes slowly as she hugged the tin doll.

“But I hate humans.”

“… … .”

The eyes that had been focused on Dorothy were scattered in different directions. It was an instinctive reaction.

'What are you saying? I'm not crazy.'

Sirone was equally embarrassed. Do you have to compete with these guys in the future?

In particular, Class One hadn't even stepped forward yet.

From the first day, I thought it would not be easy.

---------------------------------------