[736] Two gazes (5)

'really… … .'

Was it possible?

Guffin is a name that only exists as a hypothesis to many wizards because it has already been erased.

Infinite Wizard.

No one can guess what it is, but the head of Jincheon Space Agency had evidence that it actually existed.

“Did it contain the entire universe?”

Nane's question was indifferent, but there was an emotion of anticipation in his eyes.

“What did you realize?”

Sirone opened her arms and said.

"life."

all life in the universe.

“It is not a sin to exist, it is me.”

Even in the same language, the words Sirone spoke had different depths, and it was me who understood them.

“If all we have to do is suffer just because we were born, if our destiny is to reincarnate forever in the bondage of cowardice… … .”

Sirone cried.

“Because that is so sad.”

Disappointment flashed in Nane's eyes.

“Is it only the heart that you got from the universe? Rather, isn’t that heart the source of suffering?”

“It's not something we can do anything about. No matter how big the universe is, it is not bigger than the heart of a mother who loves her children.”

can you deny

“The mind transcends the universe.”

Nane, who almost realized all the reasoning, tried his best to chew on Sirone's words.

“When the universe disappears, the mind also disappears.”

It exists because it has a mind.

“You may be right at first glance, but you are almost wrong, Sirone.”

Another sword was born while the sword containing Nane's sermon, the concept of the end to end the universe, was still pointing toward the ground.

“God is indifferent.”

An iron-colored sword that removes all emotions in this world, heartlessness surged above his head and was absorbed into the sword of the end.

As Nane's will grew stronger, the ground trembled, and the feeling of the end of the world rushing into my skin.

Mungyeong gritted his molars.

"damn! How are you going to stop that?”

Nane's sword painting was pressuring the world in the realm of concepts that transcended phenomena.

“It is not selfishness that I do not back down. Do you know how many lives will be driven into suffering by the love you have realized? It is pain without cost. Aren’t they pitiful?”

Only 0.00001 nanometers left until the end of the universe.

“It has no beginning and no end, just reincarnation. Is it unreasonable to put an end to eternally recurring suffering?”

99.9999... … Nane's exact number of karma, which was running in percent, was extending to 184,000 decimal places.

Sirone said.

"Because it's not our fault."

There is no original sin in existence, even if it is man-made good and evil and man-made pain.

That's why Sirone has no cause... … .

“I am in love.”

By forgiving the sins of all those present, it came to negate Nane's merit.

“He is also empty.”

Dozens of swords spread out from behind Nane and rushed towards Sirone.

Destruction, extinction, dissolution... … All the concepts necessary to erase a being were being shot.

At the same time, the entrance to World No. 1 exploded.

“Huh!”

As the quantum information tunnel that transcends time and space was opened, the realization of fraternity flooded in.

Then, Sirone's Kar value, which was well over 90 percent, began to drop rapidly.

Kar value 86.24 percent.

There is no purpose because he sacrificed everything, and what remains is just pure emotion.

'love.'

The 283rd world entrance exploded, causing the Kar reading to plummet to 74.31%.

Towards the life that will exist in the future, good and evil, absolute fraternity without trivial or grandiose things.

The entrance to World 847 exploded.

"Ah ah ah ah ah!"

Carr number 49.24 percent.

Sirone's spirit had been degraded to the level of an animal, but that's why it was clear what we had to have until the end.

Carr number 24.11 percent.

What is needed to achieve perfect love is a supreme and pure feeling that does not discriminate against any being.

'It's not empty, it's me!'

Nane is almost right, but even in a world where suffering is everything, the reason we must exist is... … .

'The mind is bigger than the universe.'

Because we are so precious to us.

Carr number 1.4 percent.

“Sirone… … .”

Looking at Sirone, who was shedding bloody tears from his bloodshot eyes, everyone put on a terrified expression.

No one knows what's happening to Sirone, just like the Infinite Wizard can't understand it, but one thing was clear.

“What a great thing… … I am carrying it.”

Carr's figure 0.24 percent.

“Aaaaaaaaa!”

From animals to plants, from plants to insignificant things, from insignificant things to the lowest phase with nowhere to go.

But that's why I can love you.

'Everything.'

Kar value 0.0000017 percent.

“It's a big deal! Andre is going to collapse!”

After passing through the entrance of World 9999, 10,000 worlds exploded one after another, and the ceiling began to collapse.

“Why give false hope?”

The bell of Nane's sermon advanced towards the land, spreading a tremendous wind pressure.

“How can you not know that the hope you give is the seed of suffering?”

“That pain… … .”

Kar value 0.0000000000000001 percent.

“It is proof of existence.”

As the Karuchi plummeted toward zero, the standard for Sirone's mind disappeared.

There is no subjectivity whatsoever.

For him who distributes equal love to all things, senses are no longer the criterion for judgment.

'Combined.'

As time and space, sense of time and depth were integrated, a new sense completely occupied his mind.

The eighth sense that living things can have, superquality.

All the information delivered through super senses seemed to expose the reality of this world.

'idea.'

Those who sense the truth cannot have subjectivity.

"get out! If you don't leave now... … !”

Finally, as World 19000 exploded, Andre's trapped time and space were completely released.

Space-time was jumbled up and was about to engulf everyone, then the vocal sound cast an etheric wave.

“I will stop you.”

Numerous events transcending time and space began to overlap beyond the barrier of space she had spread.

"damn! Isn’t this complete hell?”

No one could have predicted what would happen if they were swept away by a space-time storm.

At a time when everyone couldn't even dare to go outside the space of voice, I caught a glimpse of Sirone and Nane standing face to face in the middle of a mix of events.

“Can you hold on?”

Nane, whose Carsuchi is close to perfect, guessed why Sirone was not swept away by the space-time storm.

Said Sirone, who was enveloped in light.

“Would this have been the answer you wanted?”

As the light blocking space-time expanded into a giant sphere, the space-time storm was torn to shreds.

“Princess! They are disappearing!”

The sword of the sermon was scattered like ashes in the cluster of lights that spread out like an explosion, and the scenery of reality finally came into view.

“I blew it all away.”

There was not even a trace of Andre's cave, and the structures that were created as tourist attractions were not visible.

The light that spread toward Sirone, standing in the middle of the endless desert, began to be sucked in.

“I-that… … .”

The light enveloped the brain, the source of the spirit, and the droplets of light that were pale but did not feel cold were flickering endlessly.

Nane, who had been watching the sword of the sermon being destroyed, slowly turned her gaze to Sirone.

“Is it Yahweh?”

The name of the special light that arises from the senses beyond cognition was omnipotence that only infinite wizards that contain all the information in the world could use.

“It is not unfair.”

Since no one with a higher Kar value than Nane exists in the world, there is no one who can deny him.

“But I cannot deny you.”

The only truth has not yet been established in this world.

“Now I see, why I can’t be a god.”

Guffin didn't leave questions.

“Arian Sirone.”

No, the very existence of Hexa was the final barrier to the perfect truth.

Sirone and Nane, Nane and Sirone.

“I think it’s a ball.”

The universe is full of futility.

“It is love.”

The mind transcends the universe.

Both of them knew that it was just a dream, but the two eyes looking at the same truth were so extreme.

"contradiction. No one can get the right answer.”

Sirone's Kar of the prejudice disappeared was too weak, but it was also the only point that Nane could not reach.

“I can never be right.”

Nane's fingertips pointed at Sirone.

“Are you saying you can never be wrong?”

Thus, creatures still have to worry endlessly about the value of existence in the lowest phase of the universe.

“But two standards cannot exist. If you and I coexist, countless lives will suffer.”

“I have no intention of backing down.”

“… … .”

Mahagaruta said that Nane's enlightenment was the extreme of the exact opposite union that came after mastering his own enlightenment.

However, Sirone's realm was shining at the exact opposite point that Nane could never reach.

“Sirone, as much as you have mercy on life, I also have sympathy for them.”

It was true.

"That's why no one can yield. As long as one or the other does not disappear, the suffering of this world will continue.”

When Nane spread her arms in the posture of shooting a bow, a huge sword with tremendous power was born.

"so… … .”

When Nane turned around and opened her arms, an iron-colored sword was born drawing an arch.

“I will carry through.”

The wave of Nane's sermon bounced off the distorted shape towards Sirone.

Although it was a straight attack, it was probably the most powerful blow in the world, and it penetrated between Sirone's eyebrows in an instant.

'stop.'

Seongeum's eyes trembled in shock as the waves flew in with the momentum to pierce Sirone and froze in space.

“Time stopped.”

It was a magic called stop.

'It has already overtaken me.'

If there is an etheric wave in the space series of scale magic, the vertex of the time series will be called a stop.

“Did you understand that?”

Nane was the only person who could remain calm in front of the finest magic.

“Then what will you answer this question?”

The coldest concept on Nane's left side, and the hottest concept on the right side, turned into dozens of swords and sprang out.

“Sermon contradiction.”

The sand in the desert froze as the sword passed, and flames soared on the other side.

“origin.”

As the light of Yahweh, which contained all the information in the universe, expanded along the Spirit Zone, a small sphere of light appeared in both hands.

Mental realization - spherical sphere.

Sirone, who senses supercognition, controls all phenomena like matter, and the concept is expressed through the sphere, the basic form of the universe.

“Turn from the beginning of causality.”

As the two spheres of Yahweh merged and rotated at tremendous speed, the concept of Taegeuk rotated the world.

“Great!”

As the heat and cold mixed together, it seemed that a terrible event that violated the rules of the universe occurred, and it was immediately released into nothingness.

Kido's mouth gaped blankly.

“What kind of fight is that?”

The reason no one can answer the question is because it is a clash of concepts that transcend phenomena.

Nane also had no choice but to admit that Kar's state of convergence to the limit of 0 was equal to his own.

The sword engraved on Nane's tongue lost its light.

“… … I can’t seem to get it through here.”

It seemed like it would be a long fight.

---------------------------------------