[492] New variable (5)

thud! thud!

At Matei's castle, the giant guards who reached level 6 of Anecdotal Art began to mobilize.

Their heads, nearly 80 meters tall, reached the sky, and when they looked down, humans and machines looked like bugs.

As the giant foot slammed the ground, countless rebels and Kuroi were crushed flat at the same time.

The only one who could see the giant's face was the pilot aboard the Titan, a third-level mecha system.

Crude swallowed saliva at the sight of 20 giants striding past the rebels spread like grains of sand.

Even when he was a subject, he was a giant among giants that he couldn't even take a look at.

It was only when he saw them that he realized.

The fact that it was an unwinnable war from the beginning.

"Do not be ridiculous!"

Crud struggled to deny the fear rising in his heart and pushed the Titans forward.

Giants of tremendous size used the power of the schema and jumped toward the Titans as swiftly as small humans.

Aaaaaaaang!

When the giant's fist struck the Titan's fuselage, all the drive joints in the waist part turned and staggered.

“Aww!”

He momentarily grabbed the center of gravity of the aircraft, but as he took a few steps back, his allies were crushed.

Crude was not even aware of their deaths.

It was the same as rebels and giants dying in the middle of a hand-to-hand combat between huge creatures and machines.

“Damn it!”

Crude hit the giant with a powerful attack using the recoil of the aircraft.

The Titan's output was beyond imagination, but the schema of the 6th-level giants in anecdotal art was also overlapping, and it was exerting power impossible as a creature.

Aaaaaaang!

A heat flash cannon fired from close range grazed the giant's shoulder.

The giant, whose shoulder had bluntly disappeared, screamed as if heaven and earth were about to leave, but the wound quickly healed.

The process in which the nerves and muscles thicker than a giant tree stand up and become entangled like a vine can be said to resemble the birth of nature.

As the furious giants rushed in and pounded the Titans, the rebels on the ground received the illusion that thunder was exploding from the dry sky.

Titan's mechanical parts exploded, sending tons of debris crashing down on the guroi and giants.

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

Finally, the engine exploded, paralyzing the control system, and the Titan slowly began to fall on its side.

“Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!”

Crude measured the timing, feeling with his body that he was plummeting dozens of meters down.

And just before hitting the ground, he pressed the emergency escape button.

As the cockpit opened, one Kuroi bounced up and crashed vertically.

Crude lost consciousness for a moment, then came to his senses.

Mecha second-stage system Kuroi was also inoperable due to the impact of the fall.

He looked up at the sky as he sat in the cockpit.

It was only the sky through the vision, but the sun rising towards noon was terribly bright.

Under the sun, endless giants were destroying another titan.

"This place… … Hell.”

The giant's feet were falling down from a height of several tens of meters.

It wasn't really aimed at Crude, but it was obvious what would happen if he lay there like this.

Pressing the emergency escape button again, Crude jumped out of Kuroi and landed on the floor with the power of Mecha Phase 1 System Piper.

I can't turn back once I've come this far.

All that was left for the rebels was forward, and forward.

"I will go till the end."

To Arabot, where Ankera is waiting.

When he finished his resolution and raised his head, Crude's eyes were filled with fear.

"what… … hey… … ?”

A tremendous ominous aura was swirling in Arabot beyond the giant's castle.

A strange sound of wind, as if calling to death, was heard in the landscape as if the whole of Arabot was ablaze with black flames.

oh oh oh oh oh!

Crude's face turned into a tear-stained one.

only death.

His steely will was melting like molten iron in the energy so strong that he was certain that he would surely die the moment he entered Arabot.

What the heck is there?

The fleeting doubt disappeared in an instant in the face of the fear of extinction.

'You must retreat. Everyone has to run away. That's the only way we can live.'

Reaching for his personal communication device, Crude decided to admit that the war had been lost.

“All troops… … !”

Once exhaled, there is no going back.

Even if it was enough to overturn, the will that collapsed the moment he admitted defeat could never stand up.

'There's no way I can win!'

Just when Crude was breathing heavily and was about to issue orders to the entire rebel army, a woman caught his eye.

Flew broke through the barrage of giants and ran, staring straight into the terrifying flames of Arabot.

Did you come all the way here?

“It was an unwinnable war from the beginning.”

But why does she go to the center of extinction where the only thing waiting for is death?

“Damn it! I won’t be swayed by the likes of you!”

Crewd stood up with his eyes glaring viciously, set Piper's functions to maximum and kicked the ground.

* * *

Jebul B11 floor.

In the basement of Jebul, there was a favorite child created by the intellect of countless angels.

Heaven's munitions factory, Zion.

Everything produced in heaven comes from here, and Kariel's Great Code and Uriel's Paradise were no exception.

Beneath the endlessly stretched steel bridge, countless machines whose functions were incomprehensible sputtered molten iron and spun back and forth.

“The road is complicated.”

Zulu found his way down underground, perceiving the maze of paths of the iron bridges from a distance.

On his shoulder sat a small, broad-billed black bird.

It was Erga, a Tier 10 monster that Zulu first successfully summoned when he was three years old.

Although she had no special abilities other than imitating human speech, she always kept Erga by her side when she was walking alone on a dark road like now.

"side. side. side. side."

Erga jumped off Zulu's shoulder, passed under the steel bridge, and imitated the sucking of a black nipple.

“Yes, there you are.”

Zulu chose the third leg from a six-pronged bridge.

The stairs leading down were hidden behind a railing.

- Why do you want to go alone?

When Zulu offered to find Metagate alone, Sain couldn't understand her judgment.

Ethella must be separated to meet Frankwine, but Ingris and Shion are equally at the same fire.

If so, it would be better to join Armin and move together to succeed in the mission, but Zulu desperately wanted to go alone.

- That side is better for me.

Sane, who had been pondering Zulu's words, no longer objected, and that's how she was able to locate the Meta Gate production plant at the southern end of Zion.

Numerous meta gates were wandering around the trailer that was connected like a belt.

A place that no human being could easily enter if it were not for the special situation of exhibition.

No matter how high the value of the meta gate was in the Land of Land, it was a scene that would make you feel like you would be attracted to it, but Zulu's eyes were just as calm as the first time.

“Are you trying to figure out how to get rid of all kinds of troubles?”

At the sound of a woman's voice on the other side of the trailer, Zulu stopped reaching for the meta gate and turned his head.

It was a naked woman with four arms, with dark skin and eyes that were torn like snakes. Even the pupils that were stuck in were absorbing light, so when seen from a distance, it felt like a shadow was standing.

Zulu checked the number of red-glowing triangles floating above the woman's head.

Triangular Maracaly.

He was a direct follower of the archangel of extinction, Faiel.

'strong.'

Zulu lowered her eyes coldly.

She came to heaven and personally realized the incompetence of the three-legged Mara, but the Mara in front of her was emitting a different energy that was different from the other Maras, apart from the force.

“When there is a time to come, there is a time to go. It's just to follow the rules. Do not interrupt.”

It wasn't a slightly funny continental word, nor was it a voice that made people feel comfortable.

"Hindrance?"

As Kali spread her four arms and spread her palms wide, a sword and shield, a whip and a skull were clutched in each hand.

“No creature can stand against the god of death.”

As Kali's sword slashed, black lines cut through space and rushed at Zulu.

Zulu, who evaded by teleportation, destroyed Erga and summoned a tier 3 monster, Cougar.

Aaaaaang!

A huge beast approached and swung its sharp claws as if to chew and swallow Kali at any moment.

Aaaaaang!

The moment Kali's shield blocked her claws, black smoke rose and enveloped the cougar's body.

“Kuaaaaa!”

The cougar's hair evaporated, dark spots formed on its skin, and pus filled it as if it were putrefying.

Kali's four weapons all contain the concept of death, and among them, the shield causes diseases that cause the fastest death, making it impossible for any creature to survive.

“All living things must fall at my feet.”

Carly removed her shield and swung her sword, cutting the cougar's massive body in half.

Cougars belong to the highest level of summoned monsters, and they have the strongest physical power among monsters that Zulu can use.

side side side side side side.

After subduing such a cougar in one shot, the sucking sound of the blackmail nipple that Zulu was biting was heard even faster.

“Now, choose. What kind of death suits you?”

Carly smiled wickedly and threw her upper body wide open, her black legs loosening into smoke and her body floating.

“… … This is dangerous.”

Zulu truly thought so.

* * *

“Huh. Whoa.”

Numerous angels were holding their stomachs and weeping along the corridor of Jebul.

At the end of that humiliating spectacle, Frank Wein, who made a pact with Satan, stood with an arrogant expression on his face.

In the back, night-blind servants who had transformed into ugly faces looked around with ferocious eyes in search of another angel.

“Kikiki! More, more angels... … .”

Although Satan is free from the power of angels, we know how strong they are from the beginning of history.

Even if the concept of angels is destroyed, if they unite and attack only with their physical abilities, the outcome is unknown.

That is why Satan sought the easiest and most comfortable way to kill angels.

The result was the subordinates of night blindness combined with Garas.

“Huh! Does it exist like this... … .”

Sensing that the seed of Garas was growing in the stomach, the angel closed his eyes tightly and turned the halo backwards.

With a bang, the angel's body turned into light and disappeared.

Shame.

It was a more terrifying feeling than extinction to the angels who prided themselves on having a noble spirit.

Starting with the disappearance of one angel, all the fallen angels in the corridor rotated their halo to erase their existence.

“Cheuk, Lacey was stupid.”

Using the nature of Galas to obtain strong power?

“No, it just needs to be Garas.”

When all the angels in front of him committed suicide, the sense of Satan's presence began to build with even greater force through the seesaw of the law.

“Ooooooooooo!”

It grew even larger, and horns protruded from its temples, bending it to its feet.

As he clenched his fists while wriggling his pectoral muscles thick like gloves, flames of deterioration flared up.

“Not yet. We need a little more.”

Satan, who was staring at his fists with fangs on his chin, shouted as he shot sparks down the hallway.

"good! Find every single angel! And trample! Heaven is our world from now on!”

“Kiaaaaaa!”

Dozens of henchmen, transformed into the form of Garas, jumped towards the blazing flames at the end of the corridor.

Angel's banquet hall.

“Black. Sobbing."

While the angels attacked by Garas extinguished their existence on their own, only one angel escaped and hid in the empty banquet hall.

But she couldn't break the rules of the law, and her stomach was gradually swelling.

Angel of Achievement Adio.

Because she was so happy to exist in this world, she couldn't bear to leave even after knowing the outcome.

“I don’t want to disappear. How many things do I have to do?”

“Great angel.”

From the 1st to the 3rd, while the three Maras were guarding Adio, Rubel, the lingering Mara, said.

“Please be patient.”

It was the only consolation it could offer.

Even if the seed of Garas was conceived, it would not go to extinction if it had the durability of an angel.

But what does that mean?

Aside from the damage inflicted on the body, the psychological shock of giving birth to a monster child to an angel who handles concepts must have been enormous.

"Oh, no! Aaaaa!”

At the same time as Adio raised his eyes wide and screamed, the ship exploded with a bang.

Her planetary body shook like crazy, and according to the law of the family, the three Maras disappeared without existing in reality.

“Hey, heuuuuuuuuuuu!”

Adio fell to the floor and cried miserable tears.

What I realize now is that from the beginning, I should have chosen annihilation just like the other angels.

coo. coo.

The creature that had escaped from Adio's body was ignoring its mother and escaping through the door of the banquet hall.

It was the birth of the Nephilim, which no one wanted.

---------------------------------------