[278] 2. The Either/or Trap (2)

“Sirone, even a beautiful butterfly is just a monstrosity if you look closely. The world is beautiful for no one but you, and it's always not good to express your feelings. Especially if you want to protect the person you love.”

Sirone calmed his excitement with a deep breath. Now was the time to take action rather than get angry.

“What can I do in the future?”

“Show your strength. If they want to have a standard of judgment on whose side they should be on, providing an accurate source would be one way.”

Orkamp finally spoke the words in his heart.

“I will make a seat for you. Demonstrate Ataraxia. If you show your strength there, at least you will be clearly distinguished from peers. Then at least I won't touch my family.”

Sirone's gaze went down. While my mind calmed down, the hot energy passed through my esophagus and caught in my throat.

"That is… … That's the real reason you called me."

Orkamp let out a small breath. As expected, he couldn't lie to Sirone.

“Have you heard of Valkyrie? An army organized by Theraje to prepare for the final war. The reason Kazura Kingdom was able to survive economically was thanks to orders for weapons of war there. But the situation is not optimistic. The reason Theraze planted his children here is so that one day he will drive me out and devour Kazura. We must further strengthen our influence within Valkyrie. If it's your Ataraxia, it's quite possible.”

Sirone felt the power drain from her body. She vaguely guessed, but when she heard these words from the person she believed to be her biological parents, her tears welled up.

In the end, bloodlines didn't matter. What they wanted was ataraxia, the ability of an archangel.

“Please. give a demonstration Just showcasing it in front of aristocrats will have a powerful ripple effect. This is our chance to win the neutrals over to us.”

Sirone struggled to swallow the flowing tears. Orkamp isn't crying, so he shouldn't be crying either.

“Did you think I would obey you if you said that?”

“On the contrary. So I'm thinking of making a suggestion. The other day you said you wanted to go home. Is that idea still valid?”

“No, it is not valid. Because I want to go back even more than then.”

Orkamp wasn't offended by Sirone's sarcastic comments.

“If you give me a demonstration, I will send you home as soon as the paternity test is done. It's good to go to magic school, it's good to do anything. If you don't want to come to the royal castle, you don't have to come. How are you?”

Sirone couldn't just pass by this proposal.

After experiencing the royal castle, unlike the first thought, returning home was not an easy task. In that situation, Orkamp's offer was certainly palatable.

“But if that happens, Ataraxia won't be usable. You will need me eventually, so how are you going to convince the ministers?”

Orkampf was uneasy, as if he had been found out. He proposed the demonstration for a purpose far greater than attracting neutrals.

Arius said that if he saw Ataraxia himself, he would be able to find a way to duplicate it.

Once cloning is successful, Sirone is not needed. No, rather leaving the castle was a good thing. Even for Sirone's life... … .

“That's why a secret deal is necessary. I will announce to the ministers that you are graduating from magic school and returning. Did you say 1 year? In the meantime, I will purify the Theraze faction. After that, everyone can go their own way.”

In the end, it was said that the deal would be nullified if the Theraze faction could not be purged.

However, Sirone also nodded as if it was natural to take such a risk. As long as it was guaranteed for one year, it didn't matter if I kept my promise or not.

After graduating from magic school, I was thinking of moving my residence anyway. It's enough to think that the moving distance has become a little further. 

At least, wouldn't it be possible to live like that until you grow strong enough not to be shaken by the kingship?

“Who will observe the demonstration?”

“I have already sent you a message. All high-ranking nobles will gather. They are expecting a spectacular show.”

Sirone looked at Orkamp with sad eyes.

“You knew from the start that I couldn’t say no.”

“Sirone, this is the proposal you first asked for three days ago. I was just making excuses for it.”

Orkamp was cold until the end.

But thanks to that, Sirone regained his composure. Not for Kazura. I was thinking of doing it for her family.

"all right. Call me when you're ready. I have to go see my 'parents' now.”

In my mind, I just wanted to leave. He also knew that even if he did, Orkamp wouldn't reprimand him.

However, Sirone was polite and walked out the door. 

Orkamp was the king of a neighboring country.

@

Arriving at the dorm, Sirone checked the safety of her parents.

My eyes were puffy as if I hadn't slept all night. Fearing to worry her child, she tries to smile, but her Olina's face is as pale as a sheet of paper.

Even herself, who had learned magic, had her heart racing, but it must have been too much of a burden for her, who had lived her entire life without harming others.

'I'm sorry, mother.'

Amy, who greeted Sirone, did not pretend to be cheerful, but did not show a nervous expression. She just smiled bitterly and raised her hand to welcome her.

From her appearance, Sirone felt a strong comradeship.

Reina, who was having a meeting with the attendants in the next room, greeted her with a bright expression.

“You’re here, Sirone. I was waiting for you.”

Everyone was haggard, but Reina was full of energy. Certainly, like a royal court musician, he seemed to have become accustomed to the atmosphere of the royal castle.

It was fresh to see a new side of her, but I didn't feel very good at this moment.

it's not that she's ugly But no one will ever know how she felt about being a fool for a day, leaving her family's life in her hands.

“I came to meet Orkamp.”

Reina's expression hardened.

From the way he called the king by name, as well as from Sirone's cold voice, you could guess how angry he was with this incident.

“Sorry for not telling you earlier. But I'm afraid you'll worry... … .”

“I know why. But everyone was at risk.”

Rayna swallowed her saliva. It was an expression that Sirone only showed when he was really angry.

It felt like my heart was frozen when I saw it. Did your father feel this way at the time?

“It’s fine now. Security procedures have been strengthened. Ask the guards to further strengthen security... … .”

“You should have informed me.”

Reina's mouth closed like a clam. Then Amy, who had been watching her in disbelief, let out a sigh of relief.

'That's why I have to tell you.'

It's because I overlook how much Sirone loves her family, and it's been a long time since I've been in the middle of a long time.

But to be honest, Amy had nothing to say. Even though she clearly expected Shirone's reaction, she followed Reina's judgment because she was right in the end.

I'm still angry like this, but if I had known at the time, the situation could have gotten out of control. There was no way that Sirone would not know that fact. So, in the end, it was Reina's victory.

Vincent couldn't hide his embarrassment and told Sirone.

“Sirone, Reina-san said that she had no choice but to be in that position. Besides, it was decided after asking for our understanding. You'd better be angry with me.”

Sirone lowered her head. He knew that from the beginning.

I was just angry.

His family suffered from assassination threats, people claiming to be his real parents were obsessed with ataraxia, and now, when he thought that even Reina was ostracizing him, he shuddered.

"sorry. I know Reina-sister saved us all. just… … It was so frustrating that I did it without even realizing it.”

Reina sensed a weak cry in Sirone's voice. What the hell did she hear from Orkamp, ​​so that the normally strong child came back in such rags?

“No, I'm sorry. It was sad enough. It's one of my duties to let you know. In the future, I will report without omission.”

When Sirone tried to smile, Reina let go of her breath as well.

As expected, this child was the most beautiful when he was smiling. So she didn't want to see her sad face even more.

To leave the castle safely, you must be cool. Even if the same situation came up, Reina was going to make the same judgment.

Amy asked when the two people's feelings were settled.

“So what did you say in the audience room?”

“Ah, that… … .”

Sirone said what Orkamp suggested. Amy thoughtfully thought about her and nodded her head.

“Hmm, that’s a good suggestion. Of course, if you keep your promise.”

"doesn't care. After graduation, you have to move anyway. I think the next problem is to go there and think about it. So, for now, I accepted the offer.”

“Indeed, it is. Neither do I.”

The reason why nobles have the concept of their home is because they move around depending on their job.

Amy's older brother, Diane, is also the leader of the archers in the royal castle, and especially the explorer's second brother, Ares, was wandering around remote areas, so it was unclear which country he was currently in.

Worldwide, the employment rate of wizards is about 80%, and the employment rate is close to 99%. The reason why the employment rate is lower than the employment rate is because there are quite a few wizards who refuse to work.

However, the competition is so fierce that most students move to Baska, the capital, to find a job or prepare for an official exam after graduating. If both were not available, it was common to go abroad to study.

Creas also has a magic institution, but Sirone also had no intention of ending her magical life in a provincial city.

In the future, if he reached the official rank of 5, he might be appointed as the deputy head of the Magic Association's Kreas branch, but right now there were many things he wanted to do.

Alpheas Magic School is a government-designated institution, and when you graduate, you get an unofficial 10th-level wizard license. Once you get a license, you can live as a mercenary because the guild gives you a job. Then you don't have to buy a house, so it will be comfortable for you to move around.

I thought that if I met a good relationship after living like that, I would be able to settle down somewhere.

As if supporting Sirone's will, Amy clapped her hands and encouraged her to fight.

"good! If we're going to do it, let's do it right!”

@

The Colosseum was built in a basin 2 kilometers north of the Khazra Castle. In the past, it was a huge gambling table where warriors engaged in bloody battles with wild beasts and nobles bet money, but now it has been closed indefinitely for financial reasons.

Traces of blood were left on the uncleaned sand floor. No matter how much the workers swept it with a broom, the red bloodstains could not be erased.

The nobles entered with an escort, and Amy and Reina also took their seats on the third floor.

Orkamp was considerate of Sirone's feelings and allowed her parents to observe, but Olina was in a weak state of mind and body, so she decided to stay with Vincent at the dorm.

Sirone was waiting for the time in the waiting room in the basement of the Colosseum.

Exercise equipment and punching bags used by champions were scattered around, and various weapons were displayed on the shelves.

The iron door of the waiting room opened and Ji-on and Woo-rin entered. As if it was the first time in the underground waiting room, Uorin looked around.

Sirone no longer welcomed anyone. After learning what had happened last night, everyone looked like enemies.

Ji-on approached with a straight step and said.

“It is a very desolate place. What were the warriors waiting for here thinking? Please don't get eaten by lions? Or maybe he was thinking of breaking down that door and escaping.”

“No, he must have vowed to kill the enemy. Because that is the only way left for a warrior.”

Zion smiled crookedly. As expected, words are no match for magicians.

---------------------------------------