[52] Overflow(2)

“It's different from when Mr. Gaold went. This is an era where students are engrossed in performance evaluation even if they cheat. In such a yard, talented children fall behind if they only pursue romance.”

“Whoops. It's like Shiina-sensei. Well, the three of them are also promising prospects that the school expects. If those children fall behind, the loss on the school side will be enormous.”

Shiina did not deny it. I want to make talented students bloom even more. That was Shiina's view of education.

On the other hand, Etella's view of education was the exact opposite. There is never a law that favors or leads someone by force. He thought it was way behind the competition. However, judging from her results, the level of her students was by no means inferior to her Shiina's students.

'Am I being selfish? I have no intention of ruining the fun of my school days. But if it leads to a waste of talent, what will be the future of students?'

Shiina sighed with difficulty.

“Whoa. I don't know. I'm not sure either. Why do talented kids just try to go the other way. Also, why did Sirone join such a group?”

Ethella silently looked down at the teacup and was lost in thought. She was the only one who knew that Sirone had experienced her nirvana. & nbsp;

It belonged to Sirone, and he was at the level of Sirone, so I didn't want to tell it as much as possible, but it wouldn't be wise to keep my mouth shut even to Shiina, the teacher in charge.

“Have you noticed anything strange about Sirone lately?”

“Is it Shiro? well. Not just one or two. It's because I get along with those kids. I guess the reason why I joined the research society was because Nade and Iruki seduced me.”

“Maybe there are other reasons.”

"yes? what is that... … .”

“I’m sorry I couldn’t tell you until now. In fact, this happened during the speed gun test.”

Etella told the story of Sirone entering nirvana while targeting. Then her Shiina face turned pale.

“Really? That’s an immortal function.”

Immortal Function is the highest level, but that does not mean the highest level. In terms of level alone, there are cases in which street beggars realize a deeper degree than wizards. It was too dangerous a concept for Sirone, who was still only a student, to control.

"Why didn't you tell me beforehand? This is a really big problem.”

Etella thought there were no big or small problems in the world. Everything was up to her mind, and Sirone wanted to decide for herself.

“Sirone already knows. In fact, it's strange not knowing. Nirvana is the ultimate realization that even I have never experienced. I thought there was no room for me to intervene in that.”

“I understand how you feel, Ms. Etella. She cannot force others to do what she does not know. But what if overflow happens? Then she may not be able to turn back.”

Overflow is a phenomenon commonly found in children who awaken their genius at a mentally immature age. 

Sanity is a state of stillness, like water in a bowl. But when it overflows, you can't control yourself and become a madman. There was a reason why many geniuses had mad or eccentric personalities.

It is said that the earlier you experience overflow, the more talented you are, but from Shiina's point of view, it was an irresponsible remark from people in the world who like to follow genius.

Shiina also experienced an overflow at the young age of nine. In her eyes, the world was not a rainbow of curiosity. It was just a gray space dotted with mechanical rules. 

It was unbearably frightening. So I locked the door and buried myself in darkness. Despite the continued interest of the Olivier School, her Shiina's condition showed no signs of improving.

She remembers the world of darkness where she stayed for a year. And a ray of light that broke through the darkness like a miracle.

The blond boy who opened the light coming through the door and reached out his hand. If he hadn't handed over his light, Shiina would never have gotten to where she is now.

- Shiina. Let's leave now. 

Shiina smiled bitterly as she recalled that time. Her memory speaks for itself. That she shouldn't let Shirone walk the same path as herself.

Sirone has achieved rapid growth in a short period of time. I was stimulated by interacting with numerous talented people, and continuously broke through the limits while going through fierce competition. If it was an immortal function other than anything else, the possibility of overflow was quite high.

“Teacher Ethella. I suffered from overflow when I was young. Wouldn't Teacher Etella do the same?”

"yes. Sure."

Shiina realized that it was a right door. The average age for wizards to reach the official 6th grade is 28 years old. However, it was not enough that the two were only 26 years old, and they had already stayed in this class for 6 years.

Considering that it took an average of 10 years to advance from level 6 to level 5, he was already a top-ranked wizard even at level 6.

With this level of genius, it was rather strange that overflow did not occur.

“I first experienced it when I was 7 years old. That's why he entered the Karsis Monastery. But thanks to the good people he met, he was able to get out safely.”

Shiina was slightly moved by the fact that her experience was two years earlier than his, but shook her head.

The younger the age, the higher the probability of collapsing due to overflow. The terrifying sense of fear that had taken over before knowing the world was not something a child could handle.

“It must have been difficult.”

“I was really afraid. If I hadn’t entered a monastery, I probably wouldn’t have lived a normal life.”

If you are 7 years old, it means that you have awakened as soon as you know the world. Ethella must have been able to capture the spirit because it was about the size of the Karsis Monastery, where the country's best seekers gathered.

“But why are you leaving Sirone alone? You probably know the fear of overflow better than anyone.”

“Sirone and I are different. I'm 18, not 7 or 8. Overflow is dangerous because the vessel to contain the spirit is not solid. But I think Sirone has the ability to overcome it. Overflow is, on the one hand, a process of accepting genius. If you overcome this hurdle well, Sirone will grow even more.”

Ethella's words also had some truth. In fact, it was after Shiina passed the prayer overflow that her magical talents ran wild.

However, it was possible because of miraculous help. And in return, the precious person lost the light.

“It’s not that I don’t know what Shiina-sensei is worried about. But she doesn't all collapse when she gets caught in an overflow. So did I.”

Ethella is just a unique case. Her overflow might not have been such a big threat to her. Shiina spoke with such feelings.

“I know Sirone's bowl is not small. However, it is a situation where the immortal function has been awakened. I mean, the worst could happen. If that happens, can Teacher Etela take responsibility?”

“I am not teaching students to be responsible. I believe Sirone will definitely overcome it.”

"but… … !”

"but."

Ethella put down the teacup and said firmly.

"If the worst happens, I'm prepared to live atone for that child for the rest of my life."

Shiina shut her mouth. Etela's determination went beyond that of a teacher and even reached the sacrificial spirit of a monk.

If she did not sincerely care for the students, the free education policy would have been neglected. Could it be that she was not herself that was lacking in her determination?

Shiina put her palms together and bowed her head to say goodbye.

* * *

The iron door of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society was opened. Shirone gasped at the dust rising from the floor and struggled with his arms. Leaving Sirone behind, Nade came in looking tired. Then she threw away her bag and jumped on the sofa. & nbsp;

Iruki was playing chess. He alternately held black and white, and his hand moved before he had time to think. One round was over in an instant, and he lined up again and started the next round.

“Are you here? How was your day?”

Nade raised his feet on the back of the sofa and said in a sleepy voice.

"so so. There was nothing particularly fun about it.”

Sirone sighed at the sight of his friends. Iruki skipped class every day to play chess, and Nade's only wish to come to the study group was to sleep.

“Iruki. Did you miss afternoon class today? Then, if you get paid, what are you going to do?”

"are you okay. I just need to raise my grades as much as I missed out on attendance.”

It's a nasty answer, but the reason I can't refute it is because what Iruki said is true. Currently, Iruki is holding out in Class 5 only with science and engineering scores. In other words, the score in the humanities field was 0 points. The average score of about 20 points left room for a ridiculous increase, so it was okay to take some time.

'Anyway, isn't that too much? It's the first time I've seen kids who don't study like this in Class Five.'

Iruki, who skips classes every day, is avoiding failing grades only with his science and engineering grades, and even Nade is lazy, but his grades are in the upper middle. Seeing this, he felt like an idiot who was studying while wearing a gi.

“I guess I came to the study group for no reason.”

“Why are you doing this? You know there's no redemption, right?"

“No, I mean it. If I stay here, I think I'll be weird first.”

"What are you talking about? What did we do?”

“They say it’s a research club, but they don’t do any activities and just play. Still, his grades are better than mine. I feel like I’m getting more anxious because I’m with talented kids like you guys.”

“You think the joke is funny now? What's the point of giving me a gourd in a test?”

"I know. It sounds very arrogant because you are too humble.”

Nade also joined. It was absurd to compare Sirone's grades, which had been enrolled for less than a year, with those who had been educated since childhood.

“No, I'm serious. From now on, I will reduce the activities of the research club. You guys don't even think about performance evaluation anyway, do you? I'd rather study at that time."

It was only then that Iruki and Nade realized that they were serious. It seemed that he couldn't stand it because he was anxious if he didn't study even for a moment, fearing that someone might not be a model student.

“Then why don’t you study here instead?”

"huh? here?"

"okay. We feel sorry for you too. I want to play with you, but it seems to get in the way. It's not bad to do it here, right? Maybe we will be stimulated too.”

“Hmm.”

Deep in thought, Sirone nodded. He didn't think his studies would go well in such an eccentric study society, but it was worth a try if it stimulated his friends. After sweeping the trash on the table to the floor, he put his bag on it and said.

"okay. Then I will study here. Please don't disturb me instead.”

"lol. Don't worry. We are also busy in our own way.”

As soon as Nade finished speaking, he sprawled out on the sofa.

“What do you do now anyway? I am very bored.”

Sirone's temples had veins. However, this would be nothing compared to the difficulties ahead, so he suppressed his anger and started studying. Then, Iruki, who was already playing chess for the 34th time, spoke to Nade while busy moving his phone and bishop.

“If you have nothing to do, read picture books. I brought it this month.”

“Ohhhh! really?"

Nade jumped up and crawled to the pile of garbage under the table and burrowed into it as if digging a tunnel.

'picture book? Is it a collection of famous paintings?'

Nade moving under her feet was cumbersome, but Sirone was also interested in art, so he let it go for now. After escaping from the garbage pile, Nade crawled out from under the table and shook a book in the air.

---------------------------------------