[60] Shiina Under the Moonlight (3)

"aha! You were an educator. Nice to meet you. I am Cosine Silver of the 4th rank of nobility. My father is serving as the secretary of Creas. With all due respect, he fell in love at first sight. If you give me the good fortune to take you home, I will know it as an infinite honor.”

Shiina twisted her upper body. But instead of looking at her silver, she supported her forehead with both her hands and let out a sigh.

'Ha, annoying. I wanted to get drunk today.'

It seems that only bad things happen today. Are you showing weakness to your students, being ignored by Keira, and now even strange men clinging to you?

A bitter smile formed on Shiina's lips at that thought. She may be the image of a woman who has just lost her own self-confidence.

'Whoops. Still, there are people who like me. A woman like me who has an outrageous personality and has no compassion.'

I've never felt love for anyone. Even when Armin showed up with Keira three years ago, he didn't feel betrayed. But there seemed to be some hope. That feeling of what it would be like if we met again. But can it really be called love?

“You made my introduction too grandiose. sorry for this I guess I had a strong desire to look good because I met a woman I never wanted to miss. Please forgive me if it was rude."

"are you okay. I'm tired, so please stop.”

Shiina was really tired. Of course, with the mental strength of a certified 6th-class wizard, sobering up wasn't difficult, but the unrealistic drowsiness of alcohol was still necessary.

“Leaving a woman alone is not chivalry. I'll take you in a carriage. Lean on me.”

When Silver grabbed Shiina by the shoulders and took a posture to support her, Sirone and the others immediately rebelled.

“What are you doing? Don't touch the teacher carelessly.”

“There must be some misunderstanding, but I’m going to take you there. It's nothing for the kids to get involved in, so you guys should stop going back. You just have to ride a carriage.”

Silver tried to support Shiina with a fight. Then Sirone grabbed his wrist. The face of Silver, who was a good sheep in front of Shiina, was distorted in an instant. Being ignored by a woman is tolerable for a certain purpose. However, his pride did not allow him to be treated like this by a child.

“Hey, cheeky little boy. Where did you learn this kind of haircut? Let go of this hand when you say good things.”

“The teacher says you don’t like it. please stop Because the teacher will be served by us.”

“Young bastard’s children are peeling their feet. Looking at it earlier, you guys were the ones who drank. where are you guys at school Do you want to get all expelled?”

Sirone's expression turned cold. The reason she dared to mention school was to pressure Shiina. This is because if a teacher makes an accident in a place like this, it will go up in gossip.

said Iruki.

“After all, that means you’ve been looking this way since a while ago. Then I don't think it's even more your business to intervene? And let me tell you one more thing, the teacher here is not someone like you would flirt with.”

"you? Did you just call me you?"

“Then what do you call yourself? Should I call you a pervert?”

“Such a foolish bastard!”

Silver changed his drunkenness into anger and grabbed Iruki by the collar. But immediately his side tingled and his hands lost strength. Silver frowned, grabbed his stomach and stepped back.

“Ouch! what?"

Nade was generating electricity in the palm of his hand.

"go away. I'm going to burn your lower leg next time."

A Honam-type man, who had been waiting to use force if necessary, approached Silver with a serious expression.

“Hey, those guys are magic school students.”

“Magic school? Alpheas Magic School?”

Silver's expression wasn't good either. The magic school was different from the schools that ordinary aristocrats attended. Furthermore, Alpheas Magic School was one of the 5 most prestigious schools in the kingdom, where only the best nobles from across the country flocked to it.

As Silver rolled his eyes and concentrated on grasping the situation, Iruki snorted and approached him.

"You're saying you're going to expel us?"

“No, that… … .”

“I am Mercodyne Iruki. If you can expel me, do whatever you want.”

“Me, Mercodyne?”

It felt like all the alcohol I drank was broken. Even if Creas was a provincial city, there was no one among the nobles of the kingdom of Tormia who did not know the surname of Mercodain.

It was the most educated family that had not been deprived of the head of the 'Yongroe', the king's advisory body, as well as the first rank of the aristocracy for hundreds of years.

As Silver's pupils trembled rapidly, Iruki made a displeased expression as if he knew that. Wherever you go, there are so-called 'family' aristocrats. Even so, the reason he threatened Silver in a hateful way was to protect Shiina. I know that he is a guy who doesn't even have a pulpit to do tricks, but he cut off his buds because he could use his weakness as a teacher to harm him. Of course, it didn't seem that she, a member of the Olifer school, would be shaken by something like this.

"Let's go, Silver. Hey, Silver!”

A Honam-type man pulled Silver's arm. Silver also thanked his friend for saving his face and ran away. Even after they disappeared, Sirone and the others couldn't calm down their anger. Seeing that she openly played tricks on Shiina, it was clear that they didn't care. It would have looked even more ridiculous because of its small size.

“The water here is very bad. After all, you don't know just by looking at the sign. Let us never come again.”

"okay. anyway let's get out Because I am also dark.”

"teacher. Are you okay?"

"hmm. are you okay. Let's stop.”

Shiina, supported by Nade, struggled to get up. Her sudden twist of her flies annoyed her too, but she wasn't in a bad mood. What was there to be afraid of when her disciples were reassuringly protecting her? Even a certified 6th grade wizard was just a woman who was accustomed to being escorted outside according to the laws of the nobility.

Suddenly, the disciples looked cute. Shiina, who happily paid for the dinner, staggered out the door.

The moon was floating in the sky.

As the moonlight poured down from the cloudless sky, Shiina let out a moan full of joy.

Strangely, I felt good. Maybe it's because of the alcohol, but maybe it's a new leap today. It occurred to me that for the first time I would be able to live my life out of the shadow of Armin. Maybe it's because of the alcohol... … .

“Ah, it feels good. I feel so good today.”

Shiina looked up at the moon like a girl and spun around. Sirone and the others who had just left the store opened their mouths in a daze.

Did the alcohol melt her frozen heart for a moment?

With her purple hair undone, she was beautiful under the moonlight. It was also interesting to see her trench coat spread out like an umbrella and spinning around. People wandering her night streets turned her gaze to her, but no one clicked her tongue or made her face.

That's why Shiina's appearance was lovely.

Sirone and the others didn't want to stop it either. Rather, I watched with excitement the drunk appearance that I could not normally see.

“Your teacher was like that. Are you sure about this?”

"if… … Didn't we catch the scoop?"

Iruki's eyes widened and he was lost in thought.

“Hmm. You mean it could be used as a weapon? A weapon that can prevent the dissolution of the Research Society.”

“I think it can be done if you put it together properly. Shiina-sensei isn't the type to perjure. Wouldn’t it be embarrassing to recall the memories yourself?”

While Nade and Iruki were plotting, Shirone pointed at Shiina and shouted.

"hey! Me, over there!”

Shiina's footsteps, circling the same spot, were twisted. Like a top that had lost its rotational power, she was about to collapse sooner or later.

"catch!"

It would be a waste to fall down in front of people. Sirone supported her back, and Nade and Iruki held her arms on both sides.

“Teacher, calm down. The teacher needs to be fine so we can go to school.”

“Uhm. I'm dizzy.”

Shiina staggered with a ruler. Would she be sane after emptying a bottle of cognac in an hour and spinning around dozens of times? It was like she drank punishment, not alcohol.

“Hey, hey! I can't. Sirone, carry me on your back."

“What? why me?”

“But you are the strongest among us.”

Sirone sighed. It is a situation where three 18-year-old boys are gathered, but everyone is unable to sleep and eat because they are concentrating on magic training, so their physical strength is lower than that of their peers.

At least Sirone had a track record of climbing mountains and trees since she was a child, so she was more muscular than her friends.

“I can’t. Then, put the teacher on my back.”

“Don’t be so hateful. Do you think opportunities to raise teachers will be common? I would rather die of envy.”

Nade's expression didn't look envious at all. Rather, she was smirking slyly with her relieved eyes.

“Sheesh. If you can't speak.”

With Shiina on her back, Shirone moved on. After leaving the nobility area, the number of people decreased noticeably. Leisure activities were just a luxury for commoners who earn a day and eat every day.

“But Shiina-sensei is surprisingly small. When I put it on my back, it looks very small. I always thought she was about the same height as me.”

“It must be a psychological problem. The original teachers look big.”

"is it? But it's surprisingly heavy again. It gets harder and harder.”

Iruki nodded and smiled.

“Quack. I'm a human, but I'm not heavy, right? All women are made up of bones, muscles and flesh. Couldn’t she have thought that it was light as a feather?”

I didn't think so, but I vaguely expected it to be light. But she couldn't get over the fact that she had never even held a woman's hand, let alone carried her on her back.

"no! I know that much. But this is really hard. I don't think I'll be able to go to school.”

“If you can’t go, we can’t go either. Just bear with it and walk.”

"Can't I use magic? You can float it with air magic.”

“Anyway, even though I’m a teacher, that’s a bit… … .”

When I thought about it, it seemed strange to me. In the end, Shirone, who was forced to become a palanquin, grumbled at the thought that she was being unfair.

“There are three men, but what’s wrong with not having one woman? At times like this, I envy Lian. If it was Rian, he would be able to carry me on his back with Shiina-sensei on his back. She would rather learn the schema.”

Nade and Iruki remained silent. To be honest, it was a situation that made me feel ashamed because I couldn't carry a single woman on my back.

But really, women were heavier creatures than I thought, and they didn't have as much physical strength as they only knew books.

“What can I do? The only exercise I could do was breathe. I have confidence in using my brain.”

Iruki snapped his fingers.

“Then you can use your hair. You're learning the schema right now. Sirone, how are you? can you do it?”

“Does that make sense? What do you do with the schema all of a sudden?”

“You can try. In my case, I also did Spirit Zone at one time. Could it be that you guys didn't?"

said Nade.

“No, I did succeed at one time. It worked right away after I got the hang of it and started it. Sirone, how are you?”

Shirone, who had been struggling with Shiina's weight, raised her head.

"huh? Oh, I did it at one time too. In fact, I didn’t even know it was a spirit zone at the time.”

Can you enter the Spirit Zone without even knowing it? Iruki, who thought that was just like Sirone, giggled. 

“It is peculiar. Anyway, so I'm going to try it right now. Aren’t the basic principles the same?”

Listening to it, Iruki's words seemed plausible. Of course, there is such a thing as aptitude, but it wasn’t like taking on a challenge.

“Is that so? Do you really want to try it? In fact, my arms are so sore that I’m about to die.”

---------------------------------------