[240] 5. Match Point (2)

“Do you think Sirone is like you, fighting for popularity?”

"what? Did you say everything?”

Whenever the students gathered, they weighed Sirone's group against Dante's group. Most of them were in the form of putting Dante as the number one factor and numerous speculations under him. These were the things that happened in the two months since Olivia took over as the new principal.

Nade was concerned about the noise coming from all directions. I don't think they even split sides so blatantly until the 2,000 number was introduced. In any case, the teaching staff wouldn't back down on Olivia's policy because her academic achievement was improving.

“Oh, really! I guess we’re just going to transfer schools too.”

Nade spat out words that were not in his mind. The women saw this and whispered, then ran to Dante with a sneer.

"it's okay. don't mind. We just have to do it our way.”

Sirone sighed calmly and immersed himself in lifting training again.

Nade licked his lips. Dante, who reigns like a king over students, is not normal, but Sirone, who does not blink an eye even when rumors spread that he is a coward, is also quite nervous.

A week after that, there was an interim evaluation.

As Dante and his party took 1st to 3rd place, the ranks of all Class 4 were pushed back. Of course, the order was the same.

Starting from the midterm evaluation, the students stopped talking about Sirone. There was no feedback, so it was pointless to spread gossip. 

Pandora made constant efforts to blend in with Dante's group, but an invisible barrier still existed between them.

Thinking that this wouldn't work, Pandora spoke softly while pretending to rub Sabina's shoulder.

“Hey, Sabina. I want to do well in real battle, but what should I do?”

“In practice? Well, you use magic the way it is. Don't do that, learn the passive. It's much easier. It's not wrong to learn first. Anyway, this school is strange.”

He gave advice, but it showed that he didn't want to put any more effort into it.

Pandora, whose body was hot, spoke directly.

"Don't do that, can't you teach me at number 2,000?"

“Hoo? Are you challenging me now?”

"no no! It's not like that at all, I just thought it would be good for me to know some passive skills or tactics that can be used in real battles.”

Closer's gaze turned to Pandora's chest. He had always been looking for an opportunity, but if he came out like this, it would make things easier.

“Yeah, anyway, Pandora is also in our group, so there’s nothing wrong with becoming stronger. Shall we give you a private tutor?”

Pandora was happy to fly. Most of all, I liked that they saw me as a team.

“Oh, really? If you do, I will be very grateful!”

There was no way that his friends would not know what Closer was thinking.

Dante is power, Closer is a woman, and Sabina is popular. 

Since they were childhood friends who helped each other to get what they wanted, Dante also followed Closer's words this time.

"good. Shall we relieve ourselves for the first time in a while? Let’s go in two thousand.”

Dante's group, who took their seats in the corner of the practice room, stood up Pandora and gave advice one by one.

As is always the case with advice given by others, it was just wrapping the facts that everyone knows in plausible language.

Closer said softly, hugging Pandora by the shoulder.

“Now, since the 3 of us will be under siege, deal with it with scent magic. Don't worry, I'll take it slow."

"uh? uh. okay."

Dante's party pressured Pandora with basic magic.

It was a beneficial class in its own way from the standpoint of accepting it, but in the eyes of classmates, it looked like training a mutt.

cried Sabina, excited.

"Ho Ho! Is it okay? Don't run away, try to fight back. We are bored.”

Pandora followed her words and cast Olif's Flower Scent, which causes delirium. It is not immediately effective, but it is often used in practice because it is easy for the opponent to be vigilant.

And Sabina was exactly caught in that tactic. Thinking she could catch it, Pandora spread the scent of conversion, Fire Flower (manufacturer Alones).

Sabina, whose senses were dulled by Olif's scent, had no choice but to inhale a small amount knowingly.

Heat spread through his lungs as if he had sucked in fire. If the synchro rate wasn't 50%, it would have been dangerous.

“Ouch! Kuck!”

“Sabina! are you okay?"

Pandora, who was running anxiously, felt a chill and stopped walking. Sabina, with her head down, raised her cold eyes.

“M-I’m sorry.”

"are you okay. Very well done. Because that’s how you improve your skills.”

As if it had never happened, Sabina's face turned into a fake smile. Wouldn't she be able to show that she was beaten in front of other students, especially her juniors?

said Pandora, terrified.

"excuse me… … I think I can stop now. It helped me a lot.”

"What are you talking about? I've already grown up like this. Now, let’s start training in earnest!”

Before he could finish talking, Dante and Closer rushed in. Enraged at Pandora for arrogantly striking them, they did not tolerate the situation any longer.

“Come on, Pandora! Take this too!”

“Ho-ho-ho! Go here too!”

When the three of them were determined to attack, Pandora had no way to stop them. In the end, the anti-magic that was close to a fatal blow shook the spirit zone and fell to the floor.

Dante's party did not stop. Adjusting the power so that the gauge decreases as slowly as possible, he pours magic mercilessly.

The classmates who were watching the scene said anxiously.

“Hey, isn’t that too harsh?”

"That's not teaching. It's just a beating.”

Pandora bowed her head resignedly and accepted the pouring magic. He was so miserable that he couldn't even tell him to quit.

Seeing his rival insulted, Boyle clenched his fists. Although her personality was angular, Pandora was also a child who worked hard from class 1 to this point. She didn't know what she had done wrong and deserved such humiliation.

As Pandora's sanity ran out, the bracelet lit up. Unable to apply her magic any longer, Sabina stopped her attacks and looked down at her with a sneer.

"how is it? Any help?”

Sadness filled Pandora's eyes. She knew what had happened even without anyone telling her. & nbsp;

But she struggled to raise the corner of her mouth. If even Dante's party abandoned themselves, there would be no place to stay anymore.

"huh. I learned a lot. thank you."

“Puhahahaha!”

Closer grabbed the boat and burst into laughter. She knew from the start that she was tacky, but never thought she would be this naive.

Sabina was still in a bad mood. At least she had to tell her about the shame she suffered from the fire flower.

“You have to be beaten many times to become stronger. okay?"

"huh. I think I was too weak. I will ask you again next time.”

"okay? Then kneel down.”

Pandora looked up in despair. But there was only coldness in Sabina's eyes.

"What are you doing? I lost, so get down on your knees and beg Have you forgotten the rules already?”

Pandora tried to hold it in, but she couldn't stop crying. His shoulders trembled and he burst into tears.

“Knock-knock! are you crying now Were you angry? Diverse on weak topics. Guys, look here. Your seniors are procrastinating!”

The juniors turned their heads in embarrassment. If she had been put in that situation, he would have been terrified to imagine.

Teachers also realized the seriousness of the situation. In particular, THAAD walked towards them with the thought that it would not go unnoticed. He would have to be told, but he wouldn't be able to escape discipline.

Upon discovering THAAD, Sabina realized that the danger had been crossed. It seemed that he was too excited because he was beaten by a chicken.

But I couldn't see the trembling. If he was a good student in Baska, he was disciplined once or twice and was a medal.

Anyway, there was nothing good about the situation, so Sabina put an end to the situation as quickly as possible.

"why? Can't you get down on your knees? Then just turn it off. Let's never see eye to eye again.”

“No, no.”

Pandora shook her head. It was an act that came before even thinking about it. He wondered what it would be like to kneel down now if they understood his feelings even a little bit.

“I lost. therefore… … .”

As Pandora bent her knees, someone grabbed her arm. Sade stopped walking and Boyle's eyes widened.

“Sirone? why… … ?”

Pandora turned her head and wondered that it was Sirone who had come for her. He had never intervened in Dante's business before.

Sirone passed by Pandora and approached Dante. The silence was longer than expected, but no one felt it too long. It was the first crash, and it took three months to get here.

“Why are you doing this?”

Dante snorted. The first words that came out of Sirone's mouth said something, and it was a banal hero game.

“What is this? what did we do Did you do more than just practice fighting in person?”

“You attacked Pandora with three people. Even those who have lost their will to fight.”

Sabina covered her mouth and laughed. It seemed that by taking advantage of this situation, she could avoid punishment.

"oh! Did you like Pandora? This is absolutely awesome! it's better Confess on this occasion... … .”

“I didn’t ask you. I'm talking to Dante, so get out of here.”

Sabina's face blushed at Syrone's silence, but Dante didn't care. It was decided that it was better to handle this matter carefully.

"good. I'll admit I did it badly. But Pandora asked us to teach him first, and we just did. That's the whole situation, so listen to Pandora for details. Enough then.”

When Dante turned around, Pandora bowed her head sullenly.

It was true that they hated them for putting all the blame on themselves and getting out, but they bowed their heads first.

“Don’t talk nonsense. Do you have the skills to teach anyone in your subject?”

Dante's steps stopped abruptly.

I know it's a provocation, but this one was definitely destructive. If the language was deliberately chosen, it was an excellent combination.

"just now… … what?"

“Don’t get me wrong. Don't think you're the best just because you fought her classmates a few times and won. You don't know what a person-to-person battle is until you fight everyone.”

"haha! What do you mean, it's crazy. That's why there is a hierarchy and a history. I've never lost before and I finished first in the advanced class here too. Isn't that what happened?"

“Are you that confident? Then would you like to try it with me?”

The students looked back in shock. It was the first case where Sirone, who had not moved like a wooden stone until now, threw a challenge.

Dante's complexion was also not calm. If this is the case, does Shirone become the apostle of justice and she becomes the villain she must overthrow? For champions, the plate must be laid for champions.

“Why should I?”

Dante did not have the heart to do what Sirone thought.

"lets think. You're the one who's been avoiding the game so far. But now, do you want to stick with me? I mean, I'm not the kind of person who can cling to you if you want to, and run away if you want to run away.”

“I don’t want to force a fight with someone I don’t want to fight with. Instead, promise me you will never bully your friends again.”

Dante was annoyed by this. Sirone neglected the power he considered the most important in the world, and the seat of the throne coveted by many.

“Who do you think I bullied? They all know how to bake. If you didn't like it that much, why didn't you stop me from the beginning? It would be difficult if you took the opportunity yourself and used the raw group.”

In any case, Dante and Sirone, who received Olivia's special order, were targeted for sniping. After pondering for a while, he came up with a plan to build up his pride as well and possibly trample Shirone.

---------------------------------------