What the Guffins Left Behind (2)

While chasing after Shura with the army of Heaven, Ikael was reminiscing about the past.

'Perhaps then... …

Guffin has been expunged.

This is probably why Ankera decided to become a human even at the cost of her own dignity.

'I can't remember, but I'm sure the incident... … It was a shock to all beings in the universe.'

The moment the guffin was erased from the Akashic Records, Ikael felt as though the center of his chest had been pierced.

"omg!"

A sense of deprivation so great that it would not be known even after eternity had passed.

"ah??????

And after a while, tears of light flowed down her cheeks.

Memories don't come back.

But now she realized what she couldn't recall.

“Guffin.”

It's just that her thoughts didn't reach her, and her heart was filled with guffins.

“You left.”

It felt like my whole heart had been ripped out, and the emptiness that remained was not enough even to contain the universe.

“He came to me.”

Ikael curled up and sobbed.

“It was connected!”

There were no memories that could be revisited, but a painful heart spoke.

“That person… …

Only this will be true.

“I loved you.”

Even when the tears of light soaked the entire floor, there was no sign of stopping her crying. how much time has passed

'I would like to know.'

Numerous scenes shot by the mind were jumbled together, and nothing connected.

"Right Now!"

Deciding to attack Anchera, she jumped up and went to the door.

“......!”

But her hand couldn't open the door.

"no."

I don't know why, but if I go to Ankera now, another tragedy seems to happen.

Even though it seems like there is nothing to fall into the abyss anymore, that kind of heart continues.

'I have to wait.'

She fell to her knees helplessly.

'Why? I have a feeling that this is not the end.'

Not wanting to fail twice, Ikael made up his mind and raised his head.

“Don't worry, Guffin. I will continue.”

The Erase Guffin created a void in Ikael's heart that nothing could fill.

And 19 years later, Ikael amplifies the shape of the intaglio and finally regains perfect memories.

Meanwhile, Ikael wasn't the only one who was shocked by the erasure of the Guffin.

To varying degrees, everyone who knew Guffin felt a shock wave that made their hearts explode.

The impact was stronger the purer the mental body, and even the Archangel felt a sense of incongruity.

'what? Something cracked in this world.'

Of course, it was Ankera, the incarnation of the Akashic Records, who felt the crack most clearly.

“Ki-i-i!”

In the sanctuary of Arabot, Anchera's tentacles moved at the highest speed ever.

'A specific code has left the photon field.' This is an obvious error.

Even if you don't know the truth of the code, it's because no other being can do what Ankera can't do.

'Find.'

Figuring out the erasure code is like searching for straw in space.

“Kiyiyi!”

Anke Ra put an overdrive.

'Even if the system is destroyed, it is an issue that needs to be found.'

The universe was shaken, and the world was on the verge of exploding due to system overload.

'found.'

was human

'Maclein Guffin.'

How to fix this error?

Searching all the Akashic Records, I couldn't find a way to solve the problem.

'Recover! recover! Recover!' Nevertheless, Ankera endlessly delved into the problem of only the gerffin horse.

'Error found! restore! Fault found! restore! Error found!'

Now I couldn't tell if the Guffin was an error or the Anchera was an error.

The Akashic Records were heated endlessly, and at last the universe was about to shatter.

“Curr!”

Regardless of his intention, red light emanated from Ankera's pupils.

'reset? why?'

The universe was heading towards an off state.

“Kieek! Kiek! Kiek!” All means were mobilized to prevent Reset, but any instructions were denied.

'It's like... …

Ankera felt a physical force stronger than the universe.

'idea.'

Just as even the most powerful machines cannot withstand a single gesture of turning off a switch.

'A force that acts outside the world.'

That light, simple force was coming in, destroying all of Anchera's instructions.

'How could this be?'

Ankera lost the meaning of its existence.

"no! I am the universe! I'm all! No one but me can reset this place!”

Shame.

It wasn't the emotion he had understood from the information he had so far, but that he had actually become that way.

It was an emotion, and it was the first feeling he felt.

“Kiyi!”

Dropping oil-black water from under her eyes, Ankera let out a furious roar.

“Geepieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee……I”

the world turned off

He thought, feeling the flash narrowing from the end to the end of infinity.

'Why am I... …

can't you be a god?

'The movement of demons does not change.'

Based on the information arriving in the command and control room, Iruki ran a simulation.

When Lian defeated Natasha, she sang joy, and when Amy returned, she cried.

"but."

Considering the overall situation, it was only a matter of time before the flower garden collapsed.

'According to my analysis, the demons should have already turned toward Basuka. After all, someone is stubborn... …

Is it really possible?

'I can't do that. Mayray's Divine Frequency is a perfect ability. If possible... …

The incident in which Son Yu-jeong destroyed the cliff of the abyss.

'Originally, the elemental bomb should have been dropped there. Did you infer the intention of the temple from that incident?'

Iruki shook his head.

'But does it work? Hell's army doesn't even know the concept of an elemental bomb.'

No existing weapon has the power to instantly annihilate the armies of hell.

'Are you digging through the flower garden, accepting damage with the vague expectation that something big will explode in Basuka?'

If true, Balkan was one of two things.

'Either a person suffering from extreme paranoia, or literally a monster of imagination.'

maybe both.

If true, the probability that the armies of hell would voluntarily go to Baska was close to zero.

You don't even have a chance to detonate the elemental bomb.

'It loses.'

For the first time in Iruki's mind, the two words "defeat" came to mind clearly.

“The flower has been broken!”

Even if you didn't have to look at it, you could clearly see the gigantic structure going over.

'I can't stand it for long.'

With Amy's joining, Lufist was able to last 15 minutes longer than expected.

short time.

However, during that time, the number of demons that the flower had annihilated was beyond imagination.

'But I don't know why I'm in a bad mood...'

No matter how many demons die in the flower garden, it is infinite for humans.

'We have to lure them to Basuka. It's a battle that can't be won from the beginning unless it's an elemental bomb.'

“The flower has been broken!”

Someone's report came in, and a wrinkle appeared between the foreheads of Protea, the chief of the fire tribe.

“Huh!”

The pain of being captured by the Demons flowed through the Small World Changyu.

' why?'

Tears of blood flowed from Protea's eyes.

'Why should we be treated like this?'

If it was human, I would have bitten my tongue and died.

"We can't even do that!" Even if they dry up under stress, plants are not given the ability to commit suicide.

“Protea!”

Enox ran from the front, looking behind him.

“Unleash the small world creation! Push the defenses back 400 meters, and fight back!”

“O master of the forest!”

With all sorts of mixed emotions, Enox checked the bloody tears running down her cheeks.

“Let’s go, Protea.”

Enox gripped her shoulder painfully.

“I know how you feel. But believe in humans.”

“Why?”

Protea shook her head.

“God or this, no, I’m not interested. We just want to live happily. I want to live a quiet life in the forest, basking in the sunlight, without bothering anyone.”

“That's why we are a failed race.” When Protea made an incomprehensible expression, Enox met his eyes.

“Protea, there is no way to be happy without fighting. We and humans diverged at that point.”

History is telling.

“The reason humans came to rule this world is not just because they are strong. It is because they have a much longer history of persecution than ours and a history of struggle that did not stop fighting even for a moment.”

Enox's hand pointed to the battlefield.

“Look, look. how humans fight. Do you think that's brave? you're welcome. Everyone is terrified.”

Protea, half-conscious, saw the allied forces rushing and screaming.

“Still, humans fight. The blood of our ancestors who went through a history of struggle speaks for itself. Happiness is not something that is given to you by others, it is something you fight for and win yourself. He knows instinctively that he'd rather fight than be terrified.”

"That's human... …

Enox grabbed the shoulders of Protea, who was staring blankly at the allied forces, and turned them around.

“Trust the human. It's not because it's God. They know how to fight the world. If humans can't do it, no race in this world can do it.”

Protea, who was looking straight into Enox's eyes, took a deep breath and nodded.

"yes. I will fight for the fire tribe.” As a gap opened up on the allied side, a battalion-sized demon tribe came in.

“There it is! Catch the elf! That's mine!”

“Come on! Build a defense line!”

The moment when Enox, who pushed Protea's back, drew his sword and charged the demons.

"huh?"

The demons who set foot were sucked into the magic circle engraved on the ground before they knew it.

Good food! Good food!

Then, it completely turned into juice and began to erupt in a completely distant magic circle.

As the input and output of the magic circuit continued to change, demons' flesh spewed out from all directions.

"what?"

A gate magic circle was quickly engraved at the feet of Luffist, who was looking behind him.

"Whoa, we've arrived now."

The troops of the 3rd Division rose to the ground, led by Dante, who was exhausted from setting traps.

After grasping the situation, Lufist looked at the magic circle and turned his head again.

“An infinite circular orbit?”

Dante gave a hard smile.

"It's lethal to a large army." The principle is this.

After linking the two space movement magic circles, insert the blade between them.

Traps are good enough for that.

“Unlike physical traps, the payload is infinite. With this, I can kill demons endlessly.”

Lufist nodded.

“It will be easy to protect a specific area. I wore my hair But durability is another matter, right?”

"yes. About 30 minutes is the limit for my skills.”

"30 minutes?"

Lufist laughed dejectedly.

“Do you really think you can live until then?”

The allied forces fought the best battle in history, but humans are not that strong.

'I ran out of stamina.'

On the other hand, the demons who had just joined the battlefield were full of strength.

‘The only thing I can endure is… … Garciana, Amy, and Rihanna.

'The number of those 3 people killed reached 25% of the demon damage. Indeed, it was produced by mankind… …

Dangerous thoughts crossed my mind.

"for a moment."

Dante asked.

“Why is that?”

“Isn’t it strange?”

"yes?"

“I don’t know since you joined now. The generals of the allies are clearly the strongest. But why?”

Rufist's gaze turned to the army of hell.

“Isn’t the strongest person possessed by the enemy, not a single commander appearing?” Dante's eyelids blinked.