dark clan (2)

The mansion was no different from a moment ago.

'Have my eyes gone wrong?'

However, when Lian's sword swung, the wall cracked open, revealing the night scene.

And at last, even the scenery split, and only a single flash of light filled the field of view.

“Big uh… … why?" The vampire's eyes shook in shock. The body of a demigod and half-soul that can penetrate anything that can be destroyed. However, since Lian's objects were indestructible, they were natural enemies to vampires.

“Back off.”

Lian aimed her sword at the front.

“It is not over yet.”

The blood was sticky between the vampire's upper and lower body, and then joined again.

'Strong play.'

It was one of pureblood's ability to quickly recover the body using blood.

Vampires are a species that cannot be regenerated if a stake is driven into the heart, but revived if the stake is pulled out.

"you… … You are not human.”

Ryan is human.

“My sword will kill you. Catch me gently.”

"gibberish."

History has proven what happens to vampires captured by humans.

The vampire, who turned his gaze around for a moment, caught the knights remaining behind his back.

“Geuk, I’ll kill even one more person.” The legs of the vampires started to split, and then they turned into countless bats and flew to the knights.

“Aaaaaa! what!"

After kicking off the ground, Lian burrowed into the crowd of bats and saw the terrified knights.

“Get out quickly!”

He swung his greatsword and scattered the bats, but the knights couldn't even raise their heads.

“Live, live… … !”

Grabbing the knight by the collar and throwing it outside, the body bounced up and rolled on the floor.

“You are the scapegoat tonight!” The vampire, who had released his lower body like smoke, rushed at the neat-looking knight.

'damn! I can't!'

At the same time as Rian pushed the knight with all his might, the vampire's palm flew into it.

“Chungpa!”

In a state of soul, the vampire's shocking technique hit Lian's chest.

“Kuk!”

Irene's face turned pale as Lian's heart stopped and she slammed into the wall with a bang.

"mister!"

Clink!

In-young with a sleek body broke through the window on the 3rd floor and landed in the hall on the 1st floor.

“Back off!”

It was a woman's voice, silver hair.

She quickly climbed the stairs with a knocking sound and swung a sharp sword.

The blade cut through the nape of his neck.

“Ouch! This!"

She performed incarnation and turned into a half-soul, but surprisingly, the sword accurately cut the wound.

"??????Hunter!"

The moment I saw the polished black sword the woman was holding, my doubts were confirmed.

In any case, since he killed Lian, the escape route was open.

"damn! Let's see!” The woman hurriedly turned her direction at the sight of Vampire running through the wall.

“Where are you going to run away!”

"mister! mister!"

The woman who was about to jump at Irene's sobbing voice flinched and turned around.

Ryan leaned against the wall with his head bent.

“It's already too late. Almas-class shock waves do not stop the heart, but explode it.”

There was no reason to even perform emergency resuscitation, so the woman blew herself away and disappeared through the broken window.

Irene did not give up and scolded Lian.

“Don't die! What do I do when my uncle dies! I mean get up quickly!”

“Ooh, noisy.”

Ryan opened his eyes slowly.

“It’s Mom!”

Irene begged to be revived, but when she actually woke up, she was surprised as if she had seen a ghost.

“What, what is it? The woman has a heart... …

“Yes, it stopped.”

Yaksha's durability has preserved its form, so it doesn't take long to recover.

did not

'Is it still playing?'

Smille's hallucinations lingered in my ears.

"don't worry. I won't die like this." I was told my heart stopped.

“… … Then how long will it take to die?”

"I don't know either."

Possibly no different from a vampire, Lian looked up at the third floor window.

“Who was it?”

Even in the turmoil of life and death, Irene remembered key information.

“She was a silver-haired woman, but the vampire called her Hunter.”

"aha."

Not all hunters are strong, but as far as Lian knows, they use all the tricks that vampires hate.

'It makes sense that he ran away.' If it was a force specialized in fighting vampires, even the Almas class would have been difficult to deal with.

“I can’t. I can only commit to the next one.”

It was an inevitable choice to save the knight, but it was better to have his heart stop once than to increase the number of deaths.

"What happened? no way… …

Belatedly, the lights in the mansion came on and Irene's mother came running with the soldiers.

" mom!"

Holding Irene in her arms, she turned to Lian with a terrified expression.

Originally, she had to work overtime, but due to a warning, only she had returned home 2 hours ago.

“What happened?”

“Vampires are after your daughter. he ran away We won't raid again tonight."

“You missed it? Even if you have this many troops?”

Rian did not want to explain the position of the Almas class in vampire society.

“Mom, Uncle Lian, no, my older brother protected me.”

Since there are only a limited number of cases where Irene calls an older person her brother, her mother also relaxed her expression.

“Oh, sorry. I became sensitive without even realizing it.”

"it's okay. You must be worried about your daughter.”

"yes. If you need anything, let me know. I will do my best to help with any kind of support.”

Ryan looked around the hallway.

“Then, disband all troops first.”

"yes?"

It was an absurd proposal, but if the opponent was Almas, that ragtag would only become a hostage.

“It’s easier for me to keep myself alone. I will explain in detail when the chief of the peace comes tomorrow morning.”

“Mom, do as you say.”

Irene's voice sounded like there was something only the two of them could know.

“Al, okay. then."

At her direction, Irene came running while the butlers removed the body and tidied up the house.

“Brother, then what should I do?”

Ryan was adamant.

“You go to bed quickly.”

The next morning, the security chief Benoff, who had already received a message from the previous night, came to Bark's door.

“Have you got one?”

"yes. The culprit seems to be a vampire. That is also the rank of Almas.”

Benoff scratched his head at the word that there were only a few dozen pure blood in the world.

"damn! A giant has arrived.”

“There is a fatality. sorry."

“I heard about it. It's not your fault. There would have been more deaths if you hadn't sacrificed yourself.”

“How is the guard?”

“The whole family will be taken to the royal castle. You can join our riot squad. You don't intend to leave, do you?"

Although he did not have the same philanthropy as Sirone, Ri An was a swordsman who swore to take responsibility for all deaths.

"Sure. Are there any results?”

“Just confirming that you are a vampire can be called an achievement. From now on, I will press hard.”

“Where are you?”

“There are places where we did not have access rights because there were no clear guidelines in place. Lodenine Blood Bank. Sooner or later, the royal castle will delegate permission to enter.”

If the culprit who took a large amount of blood was a vampire, it was essential to investigate the blood bank.

“Wouldn’t it be too late?”

“The blood bank is a royal subordinate institution. Other departments cannot see the books until a warrant is issued.”

"okay."

“I'm going to mobilize the royal guard 'kidney'. If that happens, even a pure-blooded vampire will be defeated.”

If it was an Almas class, that would be the case.

'Something is strange.'

For the amount of blood one vampire needed, he was losing too much blood.

'Did they form an organization centered on Almas?'

In particular, the possibility of an inside spy could not be ruled out if it was a royal institution.

“Can you give me some time?”

"why? The riot squad hasn't been formed yet... …

“There is something I want to investigate separately.”

So, the Barque family entered the royal castle, and Lian walked around the city alone.

'Here. Lodenin Blood Bank.' After examining the seven-story building occupying the corner of the triangle, he entered an alleyway.

At night, as expected, several groups roamed the labyrinthine alleys.

'There is no way to confirm.'

One of the reasons why it was difficult to wipe out vampires was that they were indistinguishable from humans.

'It has the disadvantage of being weak against sunlight, but... …

It was also fatal for non-pureblood hybrids, and I heard that purebloods use strong regeneration to survive.

“Hey, you guys.”

When Lian called, the group of five stopped walking and turned their heads.

"What are you?"

A man of medium height, who seemed to be the leader, took out a knife first.

“There is something I want to ask you. This blood bank, have you ever seen people come in and out at this hour?”

The leader's eyes visibly wavered.

"Who are you? Are you at peace?”

“It’s an inspection.”

"test?"

The leader approached brandishing a knife.

“How does my sword taste?”

Just piercing his stomach with a knife without revealing his murderous intentions was evidence of his extensive experience.

"what?"

When Lian, who quickly twisted his upper body, punched his stomach, the leader's feet rose.

“Turn it off… …

Seeing him kneeling down and regurgitating gastric juices, a group of people from behind rushed at him.

“This bastard is trying to do it now!” There was no need to pull out the greatsword.

"100 million! 100 million!"

When Benoff tapped him with a jab he had learned physically, his neck snapped and he fell to the floor.

“Sal, please save me! We know nothing!”

'I'm not a vampire.'

But it seemed like he really didn't know anything.

“Blow honestly. Like I said before, I'm not a security guard. If you make a mistake... …

As Lian pulled out the great sword, the leader's face turned pale.

“I really don’t know! We just moved! You didn't do anything wrong!”

“Move? what?"

“Go, bag! If you wait here in front of the blood bank, someone will come in at dawn and give you a bag and money. If you deliver the bag, the money will be ours.”

“Who gave you the bag?”

“It was dark, so I couldn’t see closely.” Lian pointed the greatsword at his neck.

“I put on my glasses! He has a sharp look and is about a hand taller than me. Her face is pale and slim.”

'He's not the one who came into the Bark family.'

Ryan asked.

“Where did you carry the bag?”

“Each time the destination is different. Sometimes it's 13 blocks, sometimes it's 47 blocks.”

He probably wouldn't have told me the hideout.

“Are there other people besides you who do this?”

“It seems like everyone is doing it these days. The forces set a date and take turns transporting them. It's embarrassing to be honest, but they give you too much money. It’s something we risk our lives for.”

Ryan checked the time.

"go back. And from now on, don't even come here." As if he didn't understand, the leader made a blank expression, and Lian raised his tiger eyes and threatened.

“If you don’t like it, would you like to die here?”

“Oh no!”

The leader, unable to even pick up the dropped knife, ran into the alley, and the crowd followed.

'He's a broker who goes in and out of the blood bank. If so, the security forces will already be under surveillance.'

That's why Lian had to step in.

After waiting for two hours at the place where the bullies were returned, people were completely cut off.

On a dark night when even the crystal lights were turned off, a man wearing a bowler hat appeared in front of a blood bank.

'Come.'

After he looked around and headed out the back door, Lian went out into the street and started following him.