[10] The first step towards the dream (2)

Sirone, who took the history book, started nagging again.

“Get up and get the book. study.”

“Kkeuh, training has been so intense lately.”

After sending Lian to the study, Sirone sat down and opened a history book. Recently, the field work was completed faster than the paper work, so I had a lot of time.

Once I started focusing on the book, the pages turned over in an instant. 

Top left, bottom left, top right, bottom right. In four blinks, two pages were snapped. Moreover, the rhythm was rarely broken until the entire book was read.

This meant that the category of knowledge contained in the head exceeded the category of books. After reading 650 history books, I was able to digest the remaining 200 like drinking water.

“Hey, Sirone. I found an interesting book here.”

Ryan came over, waving a book. However, he soon found Sirone turning the pages at a tremendous speed and couldn't dare to touch him. In one instance, she herself took more than 10 hours to turn a page. She must have been reading a book, but when she opened her eyes it was morning.

Taking a seat next to Sirone, Lian opened the book she had brought. The interesting book he found was this title.

Inspector VS Mage.

"introduction. You may have asked yourself this question at least once. If a swordsman and a wizard face off, who will win?”

As Rian read aloud, Sirone's gestures as he turned the pages stopped. For aspiring wizards, it was something that would make their ears pop.

“I traveled all over the world to find the answer. Even now, when I close my eyes, it flickers. Artusna Mountains at 6,000 meters above sea level. There is a carnivorous tree that eats mountain birds... … .”

Ryan closed the book.

“It’s so damn boring.”

"what? I'm having fun!”

Surprised by Sirone's cry, Lian shook her shoulders. She pretended not to be interested, but her ears were pricked up like a fox.

"What's funny? There are no pictures, and there is no mention of swordsmanship.”

“Are you saying this without reading a single page, that’s it!”

“A writer must be considerate of the reader. The beginning is fun, the end is touching.”

“This is not a novel. give me the book So, who will win?”

“What if who wins? Will the wizard and the swordsman fight for madness? If the situation is advantageous, they will run and if it is unfavorable, they will run away.”

Sirone spread out the middle part of 'Swordsman VS Wizard' and flipped through the pages.

“There may be times when you have no choice but to fight. If so, who will win?”

“Okay. If you make a rough guess... … .”

“Of course, the prosecutor wins.”

A sharp voice came from beyond the bookshelf. Then, a man with a cold impression appeared. He wasn't as tall as Rihanna, but he was much taller, and his limbs were slim.

It was the second son of the Ogent family, Ogent Rye.

Even though they were brothers, their atmosphere and appearance were quite different from Lian's. First of all, her hair was pitch-black. 

There are two bloodlines that are not diluted in the Ogent family, and they are blue hair and black hair.

The head of the household, Bischoff, the eldest son, and the second son inherited black hair, and the water-colored hair was passed on to the second daughter and the youngest, Lian.

In addition, Lian's grandfather, a nationally certified third-class prosecutor, was also blue.

Of course, family members are connected with a strong bond.

But sometimes it's funny that they split sides based on lineage. Whose lineage is superior depends on the generation, but this time, black hair leading to Bischoff and Lai was the trend.

"ah! hello."

Sirone hurriedly lowered his head. No one in the family knew that he was friends with Lian. If he had listened to the conversation just now, he would not have been able to get Chidogon.

“The prosecutor wins? How sure are you? Because your brother is a prosecutor?”

Rian knew that too, so he tried to hold Rai's consciousness in a sarcastic tone.

“Do I need to add a grandiose word like certainty? It is a fact that can be revealed just by knowing where the wizards and swordsmen of each continent stand.”

Fortunately, Rai didn't seem to care about his relationship with Lian, but he couldn't be relieved. He was a man whose thoughts were hard to read, as I felt every time he came to the library.

“No matter what the position is, this is a match. Surely you're not going to say that on the battlefield, are you? I'm higher than you, so step back. I mean like this.”

Lian laughed cheerfully as if he had been given a shot.

However, Rai didn't even care and looked back at Sirone with indifferent eyes.

“What do you think, kid?”

"hmm… … Assuming the highest level, the magic is so powerful that it can mortally wound the swordsman. But instead, swordsmen have excellent physical abilities, so if they attack before using magic... … .”

“No, that's wrong. A wizard cannot defeat a swordsman.”

Sirone cried. He was still a wannabe, but a wizard was his dream. It was unpleasant that his own dreams fell absolutely short of anything else.

When his friend was ignored, an angry Lian shot at him.

“What is your brother saying? Does he think he's a prosecutor's representative?”

Rai raised his eyebrows. She was an arsenic that Rian hated terribly.

“The pride of being a prosecutor is not something anyone can acquire. But the magician's knowledge can be bought with money.”

Rai's words had bones. In fact, there was a way to neutralize magic for the swordsman. 

It was an artifact called 'anti-magic'.

Anti-magic generates a special wavelength to disturb the magician's spirit zone. If the Spirit Zone is shaken, the power of magic will inevitably drop.

Anti-magic artifacts are processed in the form of crystal spheres and attached to armor, shields, or swords. Since the heart of a dragon that emits magic waves is required, the finest artifacts are too expensive for most nobles to covet.

Moreover, even if you equip 10 artifacts with 10% efficiency, you cannot defend 100% against magic.

Because the waves are resonant, even if you add a new wave to the anti-magic wave, overlapping parts will inevitably occur.

In the end, the more artifacts are installed, the less efficient it is, and the key was how much to suppress them.

The best artifact in existence was the 'Armor Set of Five Gods' made by Archmage Yakra. Artifacts are embedded in helmets, armors, gauntlets, boots, and shields, each with a single maximum efficiency of 20%.

Studies have shown that the deterrence that can be obtained when a full set of armor is worn is as much as 65%. Decreasing magic power by 65% ​​was no different from a situation where the wizard's hands and feet were tied.

Another awkwardness is 'Essence of the Spirit'. There are four types of essence, which are determined in very small amounts in the natural world: fire, water, wind, and earth.

The number of essences that have been revealed so far is 17 all over the world - 2 fire, 3 water, 5 wind, 7 earth - and the value of one exceeds the budget of a small kingdom.

Sirone imagined it. If a master of the schema equipped with four essences in the armor set of the five masters wields a sword, what wizard can deal with?

Of course, this was only theoretically possible. The set of five zodiac signs were scattered all over the world, and the origins were unknown, and the essence of the spirits could not be obtained except at the national level.

Equipping multiple anti-magic was also a problem. Even Yakra, a master of wave equations, spent 10 years refining the armor set of the Oshinjang.

It was common to mess around with money while clumsily stacking anti-magic. Efficiency does not increase unless the interaction of the wave type, resonance frequency, and magic power is integrated.

It wasn't a joke to say that half of a noble's fortune would be lost while trying to raise anti-magic by 1 percent.

The prosecutor's dilemma begins here. Rather than investing a huge amount of money to raise anti-magic, it was much cheaper to bring a wizard who had learned anti-magic magic.

This was implied in Rai's words. A mage is merely a subordinate of a swordsman. Also he said: Any amount of magician knowledge can be bought with money.

The person who developed Anti-Magic as an artifact was not a swordsman, but a wizard. Numerous wizards are still studying the effects of dragon magic on the spirit zone. Because he can achieve great wealth and fame if he just performs.

Rai was pointing out the irony that wizards who live off magic are researching ways to weaken it. He was saying that a wizard sold for money could not beat a swordsman.

"how is it? You seem to like books. It's magic, just block it with anti-magic. But the swordsman's body is different. Our bodily powers can only be acquired through pain.”

Sirone understood Rai's words. But I didn't agree with his thoughts.

"That's what a wizard is."

"what?"

Rai was puzzled when Sirone readily acknowledged it. If he was a boy who liked magic, it was normal for him to be hot-tempered.

“A wizard is a person who persistently digs into the harmony of all things. So it should come as no surprise that they are researching ways to suppress magic. What matters to them is not whether they win or not in a fight, but whether they know it or not. As a result, artifacts are also products of that borderless intellect. At the same time, I think the premise to say that you can defeat a wizard is wrong from the beginning.”

Rai was not as honest as Lian. He had the personality to subdue his opponents with any kind of logic if he could defeat them.

Even so, the reason why I kept my chin firmly shut is that I couldn't find anything to refute Sirone's logic.

Ryan struggled to contain his laughter. When her older brother, who always talked like he knew everything, became a dumb dumb at Sirone's words, he couldn't be more excited.

'Puhahaha! It's ugly. My friend's words are amazing, aren't they?'

As time passed, Rai's expression distorted. His forehead was wrinkled and bloodstained at his temples. But she didn't think of it.

“The ideal is different from reality. It doesn't change the fact that you can't fight and win no matter what your intentions are.”

Rai turned coldly and left the library. Seeing that, Lian bulged out her smile and covered her mouth.

'Is it different from reality? Is that what you mean by just doing it? Ugh, what an idiot. Go ahead. Go away quickly.'

Then, when the door to the library was closed, he burst into laughter.

“Puhahaha! Sirone, you are the best! It's the first time I've ever seen you make that face!"

Even while Rian hugged and shook Sirone like a doll, Sirone did not take her eyes off the place where Rai had left.

Swordsman vs Wizard. 

A book brought by Lian raised a lot of questions for Sirone. Perhaps, as Rai said, the reality may be different. 

But Sirone believed.

It is said that the reason why intelligence exists in this world is the spirit of a wizard who puts even his weak points to the test table without hesitation.

* * *

The Great Library was so cold that you could feel the chill. The bookshelf, which was flooded with knowledge, was empty, and the night light that used to shine like daylight was turned off.

A ray of golden sunlight pouring in from the fourth-floor window was printed on the floor. Sirone turned over his bookshelf in the sunlight.

One page, one page. And finally... … The last page is finished and the cover is closed. 

Sirone stroked the back of the red-orange cover. Turning over a book is easy. But going through a trough of hundreds of pages and finally turning over was not something anyone could do.

850 volumes of history. 

Sirone read all the history books in the Great Library.

'It's over. This is the backbone of my knowledge.'

It was warm. It was a feeling of light filling up. 

Sirone is able to understand the world. Even though he was a hunter's child, he had no problem conversing with any nobleman about the world in general.

It was the result of selection and concentration. Talent only suggests an effective direction, and anyone who reads 850 history books can realize where he or she is standing.

The relocation of the library was also completed after a year and a half of major construction work. You can go home anytime and you no longer have to worry about your family dying. 

It was like a dream. A lot of things passed through my mind like a dream.

---------------------------------------