[401] Final Decision (1)

Sirone, who handed Fleur coffee, asked if he had any clothes he had brought with him.

The flue said it was used up on the way. There were many things that could be used in an emergency, such as bandages and ropes.

After changing into the clothes Sirone gave her, she told her story while recovering her strength.

The reason why Gaold was not arrested was his paranoid distrust of humans.

No, perhaps it was because his wish was so earnest that he couldn't believe anything in the world.

This was evident from the one iron rule that Gaold laid down when he started the project 20 years ago.

In the event of even the slightest variable, cancel all plans and monitor the situation.

There was a time when Gando was absent from the Magic Association for about two hours without any reason.

In fact, it may have been just a private incident that could happen to anyone.

However, Gaold did not let go, and while disbanding the SS, he also left the association.

However, Wangseong's response was much faster than expected, and most of the SS were arrested.

Only Gaold, Gangnan, and Fleur managed to escape by resorting to force, but the association's pursuers also relentlessly followed their tails.

After being chased and chased like that, the place they finally arrived at was Gaold's alma mater, Alpheas Magic School.

Sirone looked at Fleur with a pitiful expression. According to her words, it was a miracle that she got here alive.

“You really worked hard.”

Thanks to the sugar intake, Flu's complexion improved rapidly.

When he stretched out his arm and activated the Kubrick, a magic wand decorated with a phoenix was born in front of his palm.

“I didn't have a place to hide, but that's not why I came all the way here. The president of the association wants to meet Alpheas. But they sent me because the tracking was too bad. Even if I'm caught, if I die, that's it. Anyway Sirone, I need your help.”

With Gaold's skills, it would be impossible to track them down in a normal way, but since there are many regular eaters in the association, it was better not to show up in case of an emergency.

“Where is the association president now?”

Flew got out of bed, swung his wand quickly, threw it behind his back, and headed for the door.

“I will guide you. Of course, if you want to follow me.”

Flew's words were meant as a warning. If he wanted to get out of this situation, he meant to end it here.

“First of all, I want to meet and hear from you.”

It is inefficient to risk one's life on false hopes.

Anyway, from the moment I entered the association, I was entangled with Gaold. In this case, she had to find a solution herself rather than hiding her face under the blanket.

'You trained desperately, Sirone.'

Sirone's temperament was different from three months ago. Just as life evolves in an extreme environment, Sirone also grew up in the fierce competition of the senior class.

“Yes, first listen to the president of the association and make your own judgment. But if possible... … .”

Flew passed the wand behind his back and was silent.

“I want you to help us.”

These were words that could never be uttered in front of Gaold. It was also the first gesture to treat Sirone as a wizard.

“We are leaving now.”

Sirone delayed answering and opened the door.

Wearing raincoats, the two climbed the mountain behind the building. It's easy to cast magic, but there's a probability close to 100% that Jonah will take it.

Gaold was hiding on the other side of the mountain range surrounding the magic school. He is not far in distance, but it is already dawn when he arrives because he has to cross the mountain.

Hiking up the mountain on a rainy day isn't usually a forced march, but Flew flipped over the hood of his raincoat and entered the cave without even a chance to catch his breath.

“President of the Association, I brought Sirone.”

After letting Sirone in, she went out of the cave again to be wary of any pursuers.

All I could see inside the cave was darkness.

At the end of the darkness, flames soared and Gaold appeared as if only his face was floating.

Gaold, who was leaning back against the cavern and standing on one leg, smiled and raised his hand.

“Hey, Sirone.”

Just looking at Fleur's condition gave an idea of ​​how difficult life must have been on the run, but Gaold was still alive and well, with his signature mad smile.

“You look relaxed.”

“Hehe, it’s worth living as an unemployed person. Well, I didn’t do much work at the association either.”

Gaold pointed to the seat in front.

“Sit down. Even if I can't serve tea, I have a bunch of stories you might like.”

Sirone asked directly.

“How did you get hurt?”

Gaold put his chin on his chin and shut his mouth like a porridge. Rather than resentment or resentment, the main feeling was resentment.

“Gando broke my corruption. Of course, most of them are fabricated corruption. It seems that even King Adolf thought that this time would be unacceptable. Actually, I've been patient for quite some time. The problem is that most of my bodyguards have been arrested or are still being hunted down.”

“Why didn’t I expect Gando’s betrayal? The bodyguards of the president of the association are people who have been picked and picked.”

"That's your question. Certainly I have nothing to say about that part. That's a good thing. But thanks to that, it's easier to find out who's behind the scenes. There is probably Theraze behind Gando.”

"If it's Theraje... … .”

She is the Empress of Kashan. She was also the mother of Uorin and the head of the Valkyries, whom she met in Kazura.

It was easy to guess just how powerful Theraze was by simply listing what he knew.

However, it was still unknown why Gando's betrayal was connected to her.

“Did you ever meet Uorin in Kazura?”

"yes. I got a lot of help. If it wasn't for her, she wouldn't be where she is today.”

“Hmm, I got some help. Yes, that's right. Kuk-kuk.”

Sirone put on a sullen expression. She saved her life because of her, so what's the point of laughing at her?

Gaold's laughter stopped abruptly.

“Perhaps Theraze… … It must be mitochondrial Eve.”

“Mitochondria, Eve?”

“Except for the temple, few people know about it. Perhaps the woman you met, Uorin, is Empress Teraze.”

“Please speak so I can understand.”

Gaold described mitochondrial Eve.

Theraze can pass on her memories to her daughter through mutations in her mitochondria. It is estimated that the timing of awakening memories is different for each individual.

However, if Uorin had already awakened at the time, Sirone would have met Empress Theraze, not Uorin.

“In that way, Theraze holds all the memories from the genesis of mankind to the present. It penetrates the essence of human beings through its vast database. To her, you are just an accessory that turns the wheel of history. The proof is the strongest object you are holding, <Demonic Sword Armand>.”

Sirone touched Armand on the waist.

I expected that it would not be a simple favor, but when I heard it, I got goosebumps. The most frightening thing was that even now, after realizing Theraze's true identity, I couldn't even guess what the meaning of this gift was.

“Theraze's ability is not limited to that. You see, we live in an unusual world. Erase Guffin. In other words, it has already been reset, and it means that you are living the life after the reset. It's speculation from here on out, but it's highly likely that Theraze still retains her memories from before the reset. If so, it is also possible to explain why Gando was able to break through my paranoid management and join the SS.”

“From the moment Gando was born, he predicted and planted today’s events.”

If you understand quickly, there is no need to waste time. Gaold nodded honestly.

“You got it right. No human could have predicted that far. It's possible because it's TheraJ.”

Certainly, in this case, even Gaold of the world could not help it.

In the end, all the limbs were cut off, and the project that had been planned for 20 years was in vain.

But with everything lost, Gaold would have had only one choice left.

“What are the odds left?”

Gaold goes to heaven. He will go even if he loses his bodyguards and even if the plans he has been designing for more than half his life are in vain. Because he is the one who would risk the lives of all mankind to save the labyrinth.

Gaold leaned back leisurely and crossed his arms.

“I can't do anything like this. But I haven't been playing for 20 years either. It's hard to say it's a last resort, but everything is not lost. Anyway, you are there too.”

“I haven’t said anything about helping the association president yet.”

“Quack! Baby, don't push yourself too hard. The reason I told you my situation is to convince you of the instructions I will give you from now on. If you do just one favor, it's goodbye to you. Study hard and graduate.”

Sirone was convinced with the words he had now.

At the point of fighting the world, there was no time to worry about the safety of students.

“But would you have made me an offer?”

One of Gaold's eyebrows went up.

It was a transaction at the time when everything was perfect, and above all, it was a time when a year was given.

"You're not saying you've found a way, are you?"

“It’s not even how… … .”

“Hmm.”

Gaold stroked his beard.

I am not a child who will make a proposal with a clumsy lie. But he didn't have the confidence to say that he had really found something.

“Okay, listen. How are you going to destroy Heaven?”

“Before that, promise me. If you meet the conditions, please share all the information the president of the association knows. It is a matter directly related to my life. Also, the final choice to decide on going to heaven must always be with me.”

It was an unfair transaction.

This is because Gaold divulges all information that could endanger his safety, while Sirone can withdraw at any time.

“Okay, let’s listen.”

Gaold readily agreed.

After all, negotiation is a process in which two selfish people meet and find a compromise. Rather, if the words were swayed by emotions, he would not have been able to trust Sirone.

It can't be seen as particularly disadvantageous, but Sirone added the condition 'if the conditions are met'.

Of course, if there is a way to destroy Heaven, I'm willing to take any risk.

However, even though I gave it a year, I entrusted it with the thought that it would be worth it to lose from the beginning. If it's a foolish way, just ignore it.

And perhaps, judging from Sirone's current skills, the result would inevitably be the latter.

'Because there's nothing wrong with getting even trivial information.'

Gaold thought so.

"Basically, it's magic using ataraxia,"

“Perhaps.”

Sirone explained magic for 10 minutes.

Gaold never intervened. He just looked down at the ground and listened until the story wrapped up.

“… … If that happens, no, maybe it will destroy Heaven... … what such... … .”

When there was no response from Gaold, Sirone's voice gradually sank. It is because when he finally said it out of his mouth, the difficulties he had only thought of in his head came higher and his confidence disappeared.

Even after Sirone finished speaking, Gaold did not answer. He was just endlessly replaying, replaying, replaying the story from a while ago.

Sirone, who was even more intimidated, added his words.

“So, as the president of the association said, once you find a possibility… … .”

"nice."

A rustle escaped Gaold's mouth.

“Quack! Kkkkkkk! Kkkkkkkkkkkkk!”

No matter how hard I tried to suppress it, a laugh scratched my throat. Finally, unable to hold on, he raised his head and burst into a frenzy.

“Ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha!”

As the cave roared, Flew entered, looking startled. However, after confirming that there was nothing wrong with Ga Old, he went back to being on high alert.

Sirone stared blankly at Gaold. I didn't know what the meaning of his smile was.

Gaold licked the corners of his mouth and glared at Sirone. The eyes reflected in the flames were blazing with fire.

"mi… … friend… … bloke."

It was the highest compliment Gaold could give anyone.

---------------------------------------