[632] What Really Matters (2)

The slender-legged Pilot Insect landed on the floor, and Amy's foot crushed it.

“I will not forgive you.”

Whether Sirone helps Maya or not, it's enough for her to take responsibility for her actions.

The shame of having her emotions exposed and the shame of being manipulated by others' will aroused Amy's anger.

'brand!'

As her body burned like dry firewood, Ifrit, the spirit of flame, appeared.

However, the place he rushed to was, contrary to everyone's expectations, Shirone.

'Sirone... … ! Be kind and get lost!'

Ifrit's fists swung around in a frenzy, and afterimages of the flames roamed through the flames.

When everyone was watching in an unexpected situation, Amy's hand grabbed Sirone's collar.

“I’ll see you after the test.”

Sirone raised a corner of her mouth, and Amy spun and tossed him at Fishaw.

“Sheesh!”

Fisho lifted Argones, but a second from the future, the photon cannon was already blazing in the abdomen.

“Gagging!”

If it were real, there would be no shock even though the body would be crushed, but 2,000 anti-magic was not physical force.

'Okay, let's send one person!'

Atomic Bomb caused a series of explosions on Fisho in Groggy state.

- Participation number 24. 2,000 broke away from the system.

There are now 13 survivors.

It was Sirone and his friends who eliminated Fisho with a surprise pincer attack, but Sirone was the most suitable opponent for the next eliminated.

"ha. ha."

If it wasn't for the tension of the graduation exam, Sirone's mental strength was so low that she would have already been exhausted.

“Wizard… … .”

No voice came out.

'It will work.'

As the contestants' magic focused on Sirone, the percentage figure eventually fell below 1 percent.

'I'm sorry, Sirone.'

Maya desperately stood up.

“Taha!”

Cayden was still guarding her side, but only Sirone could see in her eyes.

'It's because of me. Because I'm weak... … .'

If he hadn't saved himself from the anthill, he wouldn't have faced the danger of being eliminated.

'But that's because it's Sirone.'

Among wizards ruled by coolness, he was the only one who showed sincerity to himself.

'Because it will never change.'

Maya's eyes were moist.

“I love you so much.”

Eating out - only for this moment.

As soon as her song started, the participants forcibly stopped and the VIP seats murmured.

“Magic power level, 120 million magicles.”

"what?"

'Only for this moment' was the song Maya sang when she went on stage for the first and last time.

'It's out of the norm.'

Participants who realized that their concentration was forcibly released felt the seriousness of the situation and rolled their eyes here and there.

'My mental strength is recovering.'

On the other hand, Sirone's spirit was making a huge rise.

'Accept my song, Sirone.'

There is an extreme risk that it can be summoned only once in a lifetime, but the fact that it shows a concentration of 120 million magical powers was only due to her genius.

'It's a great skill.'

As a court musician, Reina has heard many voices, but the voice she is hearing now has a resonance that cannot be analyzed with technology.

"Maya… … .”

Tears welled up in the chieftain's eyes.

At the age of 12, she had the opportunity to perform at the opening stage for singer Canary.

Even back then, her singing skills enthralled the audience, but all she got back was booing.

'It must have been a mask that was too good.'

Canary's popularity was so great that they had fans in other countries, so the 12-year-old's song on the opening stage could not be accepted with his heart.

Maya, who made the performance the worst, did not get a second chance, and the moment she heard that only perverted aristocrats' sponsorships came in, she gave up being a singer.

“Only- this moment.”

Even the contestants who struggled at first had to admit that they had to listen to her song now.

'It seems that all the hairs on my head stand on end.'

Collie trembled, clutching her hair with both hands.

'Who says this girl is weak.'

It was he who was fascinated by twelve-year-old Maya on stage and brought her to the magic school.

'I'm not calling you because I want to look great. It's not like I practice every day to get an evaluation.'

That's why it wasn't the best, it was sincere.

Looking up at the world from the lowest position, sincerity that can only be sublimated with that pain.

'If you think there is such a thing, everything is beautiful... … .'

Criticize, analyze, compare and rank.

'Do we rank our emotions?'

If that is not possible, there is no superiority or inferiority in Maya's song.

“Only- this moment!”

As the song reached its climax, the spirits of the participants shook like waves as the intense emotion surged in.

“Sirone’s percentage numbers are going up, while everyone else’s numbers are going down.”

"It's not about stealing. It is the ability to strike a balance.”

In theory, it was an emotional equalization created through the resonance of the voice.

“Huh!”

As Maya's clear high-pitched voice pierced the sky, Sabina fainted, unable to overcome the emotional tension.

'Two people ahead!'

In a situation where the final 10 people would be decided if only two people were eliminated, Pony bit her lip until it bleeds.

'I can't do this! Why is no one collapsing!'

At that time, the desperate pleasure created by the frustration of the participants reaches its climax through the fall of the royal family.

“Huh!”

Pony's knees bent and fell to the ground.

'I did my best... … .'

what was lacking?

Without finding an answer to that question, she hit her forehead on the ground like the other dropouts.

'Now there is only one person.'

While the will of the contestants was burning even more, only Caden was smiling sadly.

'I love you, Maya.'

Looking at Maya, who only looked at Sirone, Kayden said goodbye.

'But I don't think I can go with you.'

When this song ends, Maya will eventually burn out, but a completely different future awaits from Caden's exhaustion.

'I hope you're happy. I mean it.'

The crosssword fell with a trembling sound, and Cayden closed his eyes and accepted the song with all his heart.

not a technology

That's why prejudice disappears the moment you just accept it, and her song is not magical, but touching and wets your heart.

'My muse... … .'

At the same time as Caden collapsed without a sound, a 100% pure voice with no foreign body sounded through the sky.

“Leave-I-Go-yo.”

A shudder ran down the spine of everyone gathered in the Colosseum.

'He's a genius. I don't even need to verify that.'

Reina looked at Maya with a look of astonishment.

Impressing everyone at the gathering of scouts from all over the world predicted that her tomorrow would be 180 degrees different from today.

'It's over.'

Maya took a slow breath and raised her head to face Sirone.

“Thank you so much, Sirone.”

Sirone couldn't say anything, just bowed his head in the most reverent way.

It was a song that she sang for only one person, who now had only to become the most famous in the world.

"hi… … .”

At the same time as Maya, who closed her eyes, collapsed, the participants regained their freedom as the regulation eating out was solved.

Faced with reality, their heads spun quickly.

'Wait a minute, then what's going on with this?'

- Entry No. 26. 2,000 broke away from the system. The final 10 people have been decided.

The 2,000 number information system continued to broadcast.

- Mystery Maya. Graduation Final Ranking 10th confirmed. There are 9 participants left.

“Wowaaaaaa!”

The audience stood up at the same time and gave a standing ovation.

It was applause for the final 10 people who succeeded in graduating, but the praise was greater for Maya, who overcame adversity and finally received the qualification of a wizard.

“Chief! Sister, sister... … !”

While Maya's younger siblings couldn't speak, the chief also secretly stole tears.

'Great job! Really great, Maya!'

Elizabeth asked while praises poured in for Maya, who decorated the final gate of graduation beautifully.

“Mystery Maya. Please give me your final evaluation.”

Starting from 10th place, it was polite to be called by name rather than number because they were officially graduates who were actually scouted.

“F. I'm too far behind in everything to be a mage.”

As if she had already expected it, when Lara licked her lips and wrote it down, Baikal unusually added a supplementary explanation.

“But if I get a chance to go to her performance someday, I definitely want to reserve the S seat.”

The applause that filled the Coliseum showed no sign of ending, and the remaining participants felt their legs unravel.

'Pass, pass.'

No matter what, the feeling of having graduated was thrilling enough to be replaced by anything in the world.

'really… … Did I graduate?'

Amy felt both a sense of exhilaration that everything seemed unreal and a sense of relief that the world was about to collapse.

But that was for a moment, and he hurriedly tightened his eyes and shook his head.

'Calm down. It's not over yet.'

The moment you are satisfied, you become a human being whose limit is that far.

Looking around, the other participants were also converging toward the center of the Colosseum, looking unfinished.

“First, congratulations… … .”

Dante lifted his chin and said.

“Still, you have to cover the best, right?”

As if it had been promised, everyone's eyes focused on one person, and Sirone also smiled and relaxed her neck.

"However much."

With Maya's eating out, the mental powers of the participants were leveled.

That's why it was a new evaluation, and it was the beginning of a real sword game where you don't have to worry about being eliminated anymore.

“Ooooooh!”

Then the audience started booing.

Unlike the contestants who pledged to fight in the center, the voice was directed at Nade, who was still standing in the corner.

"coward! What a wizard you are!”

“Where in the world is there a wizard who is lucky enough to pass the exam! I'd rather give it to another contestant!”

Sirone was the one who stood out the most, but the other contestants also fought desperately in their respective positions and got their hands on the pass.

On the other hand, Nade did not show any wizard-like abilities in the first evaluation, and even reached this position with a ridiculous chance of never colliding with anyone in the second evaluation.

It was only natural that the audience, who were already moved by Maya's passing, would be displeased with his inclusion in the final scene.

“Nade is not a coward.”

Liz, who was observing as a graduate of Alpheas Magic School, looked at Nade with a pitiful expression.

"just… … You lost your way.”

It was all the more regrettable because she was the only one who had erased the path left to Nade.

“If you give me one more chance.”

Holding hands, Liz earnestly prayed that Nade would not let go of hope one last time.

“West Nade. So far, I haven't shown anything special enough to evaluate. No battles either. No one bothered to deal with him.”

Lara agreed with Elizabeth's words.

“Luck is also skill. But in this case, it's pretty extreme luck. Have you ever been like this?”

“It is not possible.”

"yes?"

Baikal said with a serious expression.

“There is no chance of coming up to the final ranking fight avoiding a collision. Therefore, it is correct to assume that Nade did not run away, but that everyone ran away from Nade.”

"but… … I didn't look particularly good at it.”

“That's why you get booed. I don't know. What were those who were not even willing to die afraid of?”

For wizards, it is more fearful than death.

“Circumstances beyond our control.”

Realizing something, Baikal raised his head.

“A variable enough to destroy the system, what they feared was complete chaos.”

---------------------------------------