[506] Wholeheartedly (5)

“Whoa.”

It's a joke.

As the Spirit Zone pushed towards Sirone, the scenery refracted towards the center as if trapped in a drop of water.

"ha."

It's a joke.

As I exhaled, this time the Spirit Zone stretched out into the world.

As the surrounding objects stretched like a rubber band, a sense of tension was revealed.

'Inhale.'

It's a joke.

'Exhale.'

It's a joke.

Following Sirone's breathing, the world was beating together.

Each time the beat continued, as a result of the ataraxia bullet system, his mind, which had been stretching toward the explosion, gradually began to recover and regain its proper form.

“Oh, this can’t be… … .”

Ikael trembled with an unknown emotion.

Elysion's characteristic is that a person's mind can resonate with things in the world.

However, the only thing that completely calmed the exploding mind was an incident that stemmed from the realization unique to Sirone.

This is clearly a certain human level.

'You've reached Vanya.'

When she taught Ataraxia just a year ago, Sirone was just a beginner who had not yet entered the depths of her mind.

Of course, Geumgangtae's mental state is not the level of a teenage boy, but Banya's mental system is at an incomparable level.

In terms of the standard of Ikael as a normal human being, he had gone beyond a process that required at least 1,000 years of training.

It's a joke. It's a joke. It's a joke.

The contraction and expansion of the Spirit Zone became faster.

Deed deed deed!

As if being subjected to a centripetal force, as the size decreased, the speed of the beat hit the world beyond count.

And finally, Sirone's eyes flashed open.

Beyond the mind - Banya.

As the Spirit Zone disappeared, a golden haze rose from Sirone like fireworks.

As a result of the whole mind constructing the spirit, the incarnation of Sirone crossed the mind and appeared in the real world.

'That's... … !'

The first thing you see is the incarnation of Armand.

The reality of Armand, which was integrated with Sirone's incarnation, was in the form of a shiny armor that looked like melted gold, unlike the monster-like appearance in reality.

The incarnation of Sirone shone with a brighter light than that, and huge wings of light spread over both shoulders.

A being who removed his heart and realized his true incarnation.

That was Vanya.

oh oh oh oh!

The moment he looked at Vanya, a black aura spread from Faiel's body and shook the sky.

'Banya?'

It was too deep for humans to reach, so they didn't even consider the possibility.

Also, because of this, it was Banya that Ankera desperately tried to stop.

It is said that there is almost no existence in the land country, but among the subjects who have obtained eternal life, there are rare people who reach the wisdom.

However, even they are strictly controlled by Ankera's will, so they create their own community and resist, not protest.

'Remove the banya.'

As Faiel burst out in black smoke, Ikael blocked Sirone with his weakened body.

The moment she saw Faiel's face as if she was about to be sucked into the abyss, she realized that she would have no chance of winning, but her feet were firmly planted on the ground.

Hey hey!

As Faiel tried to pierce Ikael's torso, a golden flash came in and blocked her path.

As if an incarnation had been overlaid on Sirone's body, the overlapping afterimages cast magic at Faiel.

Aaaaaaang!

The photon cannon's gigantic flash pushed the front forward.

The solid ground was pushed away like a wave, and Faiel's silhouette fluttered like ashes in the white light.

“Big!”

When the flash passed, Faiel crossed his hands and groaned.

The power was even stronger because the spirit exploded with the Ataraxia bullet system was fully concentrated on the incarnation.

“Payel! stop now! We must not lose any more archangels!”

Satiel flew in belatedly and shouted, but only Syrone's death remained in Faiel's astral body.

oh oh oh oh!

As Faiel's white robe burned in the heat, his body assimilated into perfect darkness and fell upon Sirone.

Shirone's incarnation began to flicker as if she was losing her light due to the will to disappear that only Faiel could no longer call an angel.

'I will not forgive you.'

Sirone charged head-on into the darkness overflowing with the energy of death.

Ataraxia is impossible.

Because the concept of amplification is still working on him.

'I will not forgive you!'

But he still had another weapon left.

Valhalla Action!

As the halo unfolded, a trigger was activated that reversed cause and effect.

'As much as you... … .'

Sirone gritted his teeth.

Ikael's screams, her tears, her pain.

All of the things passed through his mind in an instant, igniting his determination.

“I will never forgive you!”

As the incarnation, which had been dying out, flared up again, the darkness swirled and screams were heard.

oh oh oh oh!

Incarnation contains the whole life of a being.

As Arin discovered with menarche earlier, Sirone's incarnation possessed light, and the law of light tore apart the law of darkness.

“Great!”

As Sirone rushed forward with both hands out, black smoke trailed behind him and gathered between his hands.

After a while, as the smoke condensed, Faiel's form in the angel's robes materialized again.

"haha! Kkkkkkkkk!”

Even when Sirone choked him, Faiel let out a grotesque laugh.

It was a laugh that came out because it was absurd.

'This is Banya.'

A situation unimaginable before the outbreak of today's war.

Who would have known that he, who is the most adept at guiding death among the eight archangels, would be pushed this far by only one human?

'But human after all.'

One side of Faiel's lips rose to the spot where his cheek was.

“You must be resentful.”

Sirone's face contorted at the mocking tone.

Even at this moment, Valhalla Action was waiting for input of some result, but no matter how much I thought about it, I couldn't find a way to destroy Faiel.

“Yes, that is your limit.”

Even Faiel had to acknowledge Syrone's skill.

Archangel's ability, Ataraxia, angel's ability, Valhalla movement, and the function of Armand, the magic sword that absorbed even the characteristics of the strongest species in Purgatory, and the strengthening of incarnation through unity.

Magic using Immortal Function's powerful mental power and God's Particles, an enlightenment unique to Unlockers.

In addition, he mastered Geumgangtae's mental state and Gaia's spirit, Elysion.

And finally, to the stage of prajna to bring out one's true incarnation.

It was a combination of too many realms, abilities, and skills to be seen as one human being mastered, and this was the result of reaching the limit through the giant trigger called Ataraxia Yukji.

But even that was too much to drive Faiel to extinction.

If Ataraxia is the ability of an archangel, then Apatea is also an ability of equal power.

The only thing I got from the cancellation of amplification and annihilation was to make the archangel kneel once.

Even if they were able to subdue it, it would be impossible for Sirone to exert enough power to completely erase Faiel as long as she had the ultimate shield of annihilation.

“That is human. It was quite a gruesome struggle, but in the end it was just a struggle.”

As if trying to unleash his crumpled pride, Faiel shouted in a tearing voice.

“Even if I throw my whole heart into it, I can’t reach the spirit of an angel!”

Sirone's eyes became as cold as absolute zero in the face of excitement uncharacteristic of an archangel of annihilation.

"no."

The golden incarnation expanded a little further and completely covered Sirone's body.

“Not yet.”

The Valhalla Action was back in action and spun quickly.

Sirone, whose eyes emitted a terrifying glow, entered the results while biting her molars.

'I need more power.'

Valhalla Action accepted Sirone's endless desire without filtering.

'Stronger! more! more! more!'

As desire was mediated through the Akashic Records, the result of the causal exchange finally came out.

Power enough to convince you that it's enough to destroy Fael.

The price he had to pay to borrow the result was 127 years, 9 months, 17 days, 43 minutes and 5 seconds.

An inefficient payment method that makes you vomit blood.

This is due to the fact that advancing a specific action and advancing the level of the future are completely different.

This is because the action of moving from A to B takes approximately a fixed time, whereas strengthening mental power is never proportional to time.

In order to increase the power of magic, numerous variables such as potential, effort, training method, and recovery would be blocking the result, so it was clear that the interest of time had been compounded enough to make even the vicious usurer stick out his tongue.

Equivalent exchange of desire and possibility.

Even in the face of the consequences of having to give up her life for a loan, Sirone was adamant.

'doesn't care.'

With Syrone's approval, Valhalla Action began to reverse cause and effect.

“It doesn’t matter, as long as you can get rid of it.”

It was the heart that threw all of his life that even Faiel overlooked.

In other words, it was Sirone's whole heart.

Valhalla Action - Photon Cannon.

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

A flash of light exploded in front of Sirone.

If you were watching the current scene from outside heaven, the flashes would surely extend like rays, but to the eyes of everyone watching from close by, it seemed like a huge barrier was just pushing through.

“Aww!”

With the scruff of his neck held, Faiel raised both hands to block his face.

However, in front of an astronomical mass being thrown up at a tremendous speed, even an archangel had no choice but to be defeated by force majeure.

oh oh oh oh!

The left arm fell off first, followed by the right arm and both legs at the same time.

As the whole body disintegrated, the dark energy that formed him rotated like a dragon, but even that was only a moment.

In the end, before he was even pushed 100 meters away, Faiel had already turned into a handful of dust, and just like that, he disappeared at the end of the world.

pop! pop! pop! pop!

The photon cannon fired from Arabot in the center of heaven spread out to the fairy city of Maconom.

And again, destroying numerous areas from there, he penetrated the outer wall of Heaven and disappeared into Purgatory.

“Pa, Faiel… … ?”

Satiel shuddered.

In the traces of the flash that severed the heavens, Faiel's presence could not be found at all.

Humans annihilated the archangels.

An existence low enough to be treated as a citizen in Heaven trampled on the existence of the highest level in Heaven.

'I see. After all, Ra's will is... … .'

Satiel finally realized what Methiel was trying to say in the moment right before his death.

'The human came up to the bottom of the chin.'

There was a time when even Mara was treated as a god by humans. Also, everything that happened in heaven was their myth.

But now, the curtain of that myth was about to lift.

'Satan.'

Satiel suddenly came to his senses and looked back at Jebul.

With Faiel extinguished, the evil law would have become stronger.

“We need to find Rayel!”

Kariel will be destroyed, and even Ikael will be unable to fight.

At least one more angel must be gathered to prevent the situation from getting worse.

'Until Ra's will is activated... … !'

Having made up her mind, Satiel glanced at Ikael for a moment before spreading her wings of light and flying away.

Kururrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

As if to prove her idea, she could see structures breaking, snapping, and collapsing in the distance from Jebul.

“Something like the devil… … !”

Satiel's eyes flashed with intent to kill.

Methiel's enemy, a huge chunk of red meat was rising from the gray smoke rising like a cloud.

---------------------------------------