[694] Reunion Chapter (3)

While I was enjoying the view of the beautiful winter garden, Madeleine came running in a hurry from the royal castle.

“Iruki-sama! Iruki-sama!”

The fact that a rank-level researcher of Yongleo was absent from the meeting was a matter of attitude away from work, and Sirone was worried about Iruki.

"are you okay? Aren’t you being punished because of me?”

"are you okay. I made eye contact with someone a little while ago. Besides, this is not a school. If they don’t use high-quality manpower like me, they will only lose.”

Confidence remained.

“What are you doing here? The dragon charge has been overturned!”

Iruki turned around and said.

“I will attend now. Aren't you done yet?"

“No, this is not a meeting!”

"huh?"

Madeleine shouted, raising her rabbit eyes.

“Albino-sama was furious to call me right away! I have never seen him so angry in my entire life.”

A shadow fell over Iruki's face.

“I’m sorry, but I have to go now.”

"no. I'm more sorry.”

"don't worry. If it's a father, there won't be any punishment. Shit, I was going to take this opportunity to rest for a few days.”

Sirone's eyes widened.

Even at school, when classes were boring, Iruki used to deliberately cause an accident and get suspended.

“You can’t, on purpose… … .”

Iruki cut off his words and turned to Lian.

“It was nice to meet you. Take good care of Sirone.”

"okay. Have a drink next time.”

Kido said.

“Be well, brother.”

Shirone laughed because making a joke meant that he recognized Iruki's true face.

'Because I knew you'd like it.'

“Sirone, make sure you pass. I will be spying for good news.”

Contrary to the relaxed smile, Iruki turned around and ran to the castle as if his butt was on fire.

Sirone looked back at Lian and Kido and said.

“Okay, let’s set out too. There is still a chance of a comeback. From now on, we will be fast too.”

Kido asked.

“Did you say you had something in mind?”

"huh. I’m thinking of going to Kashan.”

“Kashan? Isn’t that an empire?”

Since the taste of memories does not convey all memories, Kido did not know about the relationship between Shirone and Kashan.

said Ryan.

“You want to meet Therazze?”

"I'm a person who doesn't want to be in debt... … .”

Uorin was not a easy-going person.

“Now that the situation has come to this, I feel compelled to use a card. Uorin would know about Ra Enemy.”

“Then the next destination is Kashan. Let's see... … .”

Lian unfolded an abbreviated map.

“The route from Basuka is Kazura Kingdom and Akros Kingdom. But Kazura closed the border... … .”

There was no choice but to go through Acros, which went up side by side along the coastline with Tormia.

“In that case, we will arrive at Kashan via Akros, Märchen, and Jive. But is this map accumulation true? The distance from the Kashan border to the capital is farther than it goes through the three kingdoms?”

Kashan is the largest empire in the world.

“Are you okay? It would take two months to run without stopping by wagon.”

"no. I'm not going to take the Acros route. Let's go to Kazra. From there, you jump straight to Kashan.”

“Hmm, that way.”

Uorin was the daughter of Orkamp, ​​King of Khazra, and Theraze Mystra.

Diplomacy with other countries was severed after the paternity scandal, but that was proof that Kazura was under Kashan's sovereignty.

“There must be a direct channel through which you can teleport with Kashan in Kazura. It can save you time.”

“But the approval won’t go down. If smuggling is discovered, it could lead to conflict between countries.”

“Orkamp will try to meet me.”

Sirone's eyes were filled with sadness.

"Because the queen's son died in my place."

Guffin used the Prince of Kazura to eliminate the cause of Hexa.

"Right."

"It's about saving time, but I think it's important to tell them that your son passed away."

He must have tasted despair every day in the hope that his child might be alive.

“You were planning to stop by Kazura from the beginning.”

Efficiency is talked about by mouth, but the latter reason is probably the biggest reason.

'So it's third place.'

Lian realized why Sirone only got one vote in the Ivory Tower vote.

Although Tsuoi did not reveal, she probably evaluated Sirone's curl like this.

Huge, but too slow.

'Because I'm trying to embrace everything.'

However, because she was such a Sirone, Rian also decided to entrust her life entirely to her.

'Whoever gave me one vote, I won't regret it.'

said Lian, who made the decision.

“Okay, let’s go to Kazura!”

Kido raised his hand.

“Everything is fine, but how are you going to Kazura? Didn’t you say the border was closed?”

"huh?"

Ryan blinked.

* * *

“You want to go to Kazura?”

Arya, who was sitting at the desk of the Royal Foreign Office, asked back.

"yes. The borders are closed, but I think there will be secret diplomatic channels.”

“Hmm.”

It was true that he had a crush on Sirone, but there was no room for emotions to intervene when it came to work.

“Does it have to go through Kazura? If you are going to Kashan, I can send an official letter of cooperation to the nearest country.”

“It’s late though. If you can't jump directly to Kashan's capital, it'll take up time.”

And the only way to get to Kashan's capital was through Khazra for now.

“If Kazura and the channel are connected… … .”

Arya took off her glasses and set them down on the desk.

“I would have lied. because that's my job But the reason there's no need to lie is because there really isn't. The channel is completely blocked.”

It was the most honest answer a diplomat could give.

“Is there really no way?”

“There are three main ways to get to Kazura. First, cross borders. But the security will be ironclad. Second, a red line channel is used. Kazura is also a member of the Red Line, so you can go through the Magic Association. However, in this case, all countries under the Red Line will be able to track your movements. Thirdly, through the demilitarized zone designated by the agreement between the kingdoms. There are usually secret chambers between countries that are not open to the public. Perhaps the reason you found me is because of the third method, but even that is currently blocked.”

“Mmm.”

Sirone stared at Arya.

He told me all the ways, saying there was no way, but it was an issue that I couldn't bear to bring out of my mouth.

“The place where the Secret Chamber is located is only known to high-ranking nobles, so of course the security is loose. It's not that there isn't, but it's easier to pierce than anywhere else. However, if caught, Tormia will have to pay a huge amount of compensation.”

“Mmm.”

As Sirone's silence grew longer, Aria's eyes grew sharper.

“The location of the magic circle to the secret chamber is secret, but… … .”

Aria, who took out a pen, sparsely wrote down 8 numbers as if scribbling.

Then, new numbers were written and inserted in between to create the ratio of circumference to circumference.

Sirone imprinted the first number written in her head.

'XY coordinates. It's the underground mountain range, behind the capital of Crete.'

Arya, who put down the pen, put it back on and said.

“Anyway, it's completely closed now, so no one comes around. Even if you go, it won’t work if you don’t know the security code.”

Sirone was able to decipher all codes.

"okay. I have to give up on that method.”

As Sirone smiled, Aria also relaxed her expression.

“Good idea. You'd better go through Akros.”

"thank you."

“What do you do with this much? Don't pretend you don't know when you enter the Ivory Tower later.”

There was no way he would give away secrets without any payment.

"Sure. I will definitely see you again.”

Turning to that road, Sirone rode out of the royal castle in a carriage and landed at the outskirts of the capital.

After confirming that the carriage was leaving, Kido turned to Sirone.

“Do you know where it is?”

"huh. The coordinates are precise, so you should be able to find it easily.”

Ryan asked.

"What are you talking about? Weren’t you going to Akros?”

“… … .”

Kido's eyes gathered like cross-legged.

"No, I'm going to jump to Kazura on a space-shifting magic circle."

Sirone explained while climbing the underground mountain range, and only then did Lian understand the situation.

"Right. Are you going to be some kind of spy?”

“If you get caught.”

The coordinates Arya specified was a dense forest.

After clearing the trees that seemed to have been artificially planted, there was a secret passage that went down underground.

The reason why I couldn't enter it was because the stairs were covered with dust because no one had been in and out for over a year.

“Do you think it would be better not to step on it?”

Shirone also agreed with Kido's opinion.

“Magic using convection is always obvious. Let’s go teleport.”

Cirone, who grabbed Kido and Lian, turned into a flash of light and jumped down the stairs.

After going down the narrow and complicated alleyway without making a single mistake, Sirone arrived at a spacious place prepared on the 3rd basement floor.

A huge magic circle was drawn, and an alchemy device to control the magic circle was installed on the wall.

The generator started and a complicated circuit surfaced.

“Can you?”

"huh. I'll try.”

Carefully digging into the circuit, I saw a combination of cords rotating in the form of spheres.

'This is a firewall.'

When it was disassembled through the Ultima system, a starlight appeared at the point passing through all the circuits.

'This is the core code.'

The moment it was activated, a majestic sound resounded in the Great Cavity, and light rose in the form of a cylinder from the magic circle drawn on the ground.

"done."

It worked, but no one could have predicted what would be in the space connected to the magic circle.

“The border on Kazura's side could be tight. Because things are different with Tormia.”

As I moved forward with the worst in mind, Kido and Lian followed me.

"then… … .”

Before he could utter a word, white light soared and moved everyone to the other side of the magic circle.

“… … .”

It was a fleeting moment, but Lian interrupted the next words and looked around.

It was dark underground, no different from the Tormia side, and the difference was that it was inside a cave, not an artificial structure.

“There doesn’t seem to be any guards nearby.”

Kido looked around.

“Is that really Kazura? I can't believe it.”

“It must be the border area, to be exact. It must be co-owned with Tormia. As proof, there is no device to control the magic circle. It must be a way to gather here and go to the conference room. Let's go out at once.”

The cave was a natural maze, and magic and physical traps were installed everywhere.

“… … You seem to have come quite far.”

When I calculated the coordinates, the cave had already been going on for an hour, even though I had never wandered.

"Shh, who's there?"

As I crouched down and approached Kido's horse, there was a huge space 10 meters below.

Twenty people dressed in identical clothing bowed to a man at the altar and begged.

“Great Terraforce god, guide our path through the oracle.”

'pagan… … .'

It was the Terraforce Church, also known as the Evil God.

“God gives me an oracle.”

An old man in his 60s standing at the altar raised his hands, exposed his whites, and his eyelids trembled.

“Caromaropa, erodimer, uddyracnaom.”

'Is it an oracle? Sirone can interpret it.'

Rian turned her head, but Sirone frowned.

"what's the matter? Is it serious?”

“That is not an oracle. You're talking nonsense.”

"anyhow?"

The man's words were being interpreted through the Ultima System.

“Oh, boring. That newcomer is fine. I'm going to have to be that girl tonight. I have thoughts that have nothing to do with the oracle.”

He was a cult among pagans.

---------------------------------------