trigger (3)

Even when the drinking party was ripe, Uo Lin and the cloud dragon did not reveal their insides.

“Heh heh, horseback riding is good for health, but it is also a very effective medicine for mental illness.”

“I heard that the horses of the Moon Kingdom are fast and strong. In Kashan, horses are very precious.”

In the midst of daily conversations, the captains of the guards of both countries were in the middle of a fight.

'I can't be pushed.' Except for the king, only the captain of the guards are eligible to attend Code One.

The atmosphere was tense because a tipping of the balance was tantamount to losing a war.

'It's not normal, that woman too.'

Kido glared at the commander of the royal guard of the Moon Kingdom.

The only living thing on her corpse-white face was her lips as red as blood.

'Did I say it was red river?'

Receiving Kido's gaze without avoiding it, Ryeong-ryeong gently brushed the hair below her ears.

As the blue bugle sleeves came down, ominous red letters were revealed on the wrist.

‘I heard that the Moon Kingdom has advanced Jiangshi technology. The work of carving the law into a human body.'

I couldn't relax as long as I didn't know what laws were inscribed on the spirit's body.

“In the kingdom of Moon, there is a famous horse called Rain Wind, which runs a thousand miles a day and is not afraid of a rain of arrows. Sooner or later, I will send you a stallion as a gift.”

“Thank you for the favor.”

Uorin covered her mouth and smiled broadly, but her inner eyes were as cold as snakes.

'It's dirty. What the hell is going on?' Kashan has no allies.

Partly because it is as strong as it is, but also because a clumsy alliance system will cause resentment in the future.

'What cards are there in the Moon Kingdom?'

I wouldn't have activated Code One without the certainty that I could be persuaded.

While I was excited, on the other hand, I didn't feel like I was being dragged by the other person.

'Damn the time.'

As the kingdom of Paras twisted the law, her future attempts were now useless.

“You have great patience.”

The cloud dragon smiled as it sounded like a surprise attack, but Uorin responded calmly.

“Hoho, I just didn’t notice the time passing. Come to think of it, it is already late at night.”

Moonryong looked down at the glass and said.

“Let’s make an alliance.”

“What do you have?”

“Whatever you want.”

“What is it?”

"well. disaster'?" “Shockwave? great fear? Whatever it is, anything that can destroy the current situation.”

Uorin, who was pushing her upper body aggressively, quietly stepped back into her chair.

Holding a glass of wine and wet his lips was a signal that he would listen to the words of the cloud dragon.

“I am going to kill the kings of the temple.”

Listen! Listen!

With Woorin's ears perked up, the explanation continued for 20 minutes.

“Sal is ready. All you have to do is blow it up. I just don't want to do one at this point. Harvits.”

Moonryong stretched out his upper body.

“I heard that the flesh can be further strengthened by using the system of the Underworld. Also, if that happens, you will be able to assassinate all the kings of the 11 countries in the temple.”

Uorin scratched the flesh of her fingernails.

'A stupid bastard.'

My heart was beating wildly, and I felt as if blood was circulating all over my body.

'There is no law to die.'

Desperately suppressing the rising corners of her mouth, she raised her head for the first time.

“It will be possible through Havitz's servant Siok. Then can I avoid the flesh?”

“The Empress looks down on me too much. I've already heard the explanation, so the threat is meaningless. Even so, I made the offer because you wouldn't refuse it.”

Clearly so.

'There is only one world leader, and a clumsy alliance can put enemies behind its back. double-edged sword. But the cloud dragon's proposal is attractive.'

The value of the alliance was sufficient if it could drive as many as 10 countries to the brink of collapse.

“… … When do you throw away the flesh?”

“It’s midnight tonight.”

It was the correct answer, even to Wu Lin.

'The value of information declines over time. The faster you go, the greater the destructive power. On the downside, there is no room to consider variables compared to the scale of the case.'

Feeling the same way, Kido glanced at Uorin.

'Hey, this isn't quite right.'

After about 2 hours, it is about killing 10 of the world's most powerful people at the same time.

'It's too urgent. Let's think about it.' Wu Lin raised the corner of her mouth.

'Wrong, Kido. It'll work because it's urgent.'

Theraze's true strength was not in heredity of memory or history search.

'Put one bullet into the revolver. Then, if you hold the muzzle to your head… …

the world looks different

'Unnecessary emotions disappear, thinking cools down. You can differentiate between the important and the unimportant. As a result… … You will understand the world as if you are sucking it in.'

Of course you have to pull the trigger.

'If you pull it six times, it will explode once. It just ends there when the bullets go out.'

About 16.6 percent.

'83.4 percent chance of living. It's actually an incredibly easy gamble. But people don't pull the trigger easily because life is the most precious thing.'

But Theraze is different.

'I pulled endlessly. Realize there, turn the revolver, and head back to 16.6% death... …

Click.

'Keedo, can you do it? I have to. Because everyone in the temple is like that. Those who cannot overcome the fear of 16.6 percent are not qualified to devour the world.'

Wu Lin said.

“Okay, I accept Moon Kingdom’s offer. I'll ask Havitz to amplify the flesh. However, I would like to tweak the strategy a bit. Now that we have formed an alliance, we must be qualified to express our opinions, right?”

“Of course. I will listen.”

“The plan to assassinate the heads of the existing 10 countries could have a big aftermath. Regardless of success, any country that is not fit for flesh will come under suspicion.”

“Sure, I thought too. But it wouldn’t be a waste to just blow this opportunity.”

“Instead, I think the gains will outweigh the losses if we can accuse a specific country of being the culprit. It is a double strategy to kill the king of the enemy country and to frame the king of the enemy country.”

“Hmm.”

It made sense.

“Is such an operation immediately possible? Even a fortuneteller cannot predict the human mind.”

“You know me.”

The cloud dragon, which had been staring into Mitochondrial Eve's eyes, nodded.

“Good. Please decide right now, the country where you will die and the country where you will avoid.”

The design should be finished in 10 minutes.

Uorin's lips opened as Kido and Ryeongryong swallowed their saliva with nervous expressions.

“The first country to be born is… … judgment has been made

“This is Tormia.”

The temporary barracks where the Moon Kingdom had escaped were silent, and only the candles were flickering.

It seemed to represent Uorin's feelings.

“Aren’t you anxious?”

Kido asked.

“Honestly, I am anxious. So why did you accept that offer? Kashan's position is still fine. Even if we went safely, there was a good chance.”

“Not good enough.”

Thera's intuition told her.

“The height, being okay, is actually going down. Because humans are not basically animals that feel content with being okay.” “You have to knock on the stomach without stopping. If this continues, Jive will become the leader. I need the game-changing power. That's a lot of power.”

"You mean that's an assassination of the king?"

“Anyway, Moon Kingdom blows flesh. If catastrophe is unavoidable, it is far better to be on the side of the catastrophe. Because you can control the information.”

"Well, I'm sure you know how to do it."

The Empress of Kashan probably didn't need any instruction, but Kido felt like a warrior.

'Once someone dies... …

After that, Pivada's revenge drama, where sword calls sword, awaited.

Uorin's eyes sparkled with life.

“By the way, where is this Harvits guy all day so I can’t see him?” At the time when the night politics was in full swing, all of Gustaf's 4th arts came out to the city.

“Havitz came here?”

Balkan looked up at the building with hundreds of light bulbs lit along the building's exterior.

Jetaro tilted his head.

“Casino. Was it because you were too bored? I’m not the type to gamble or have fun anymore.”

Sumodo said.

"It's not like I'm here to kill people. You signed an agreement with the Kashan Empire.”

From their conversation, Balkan realized.

“No, it’s true that I came to kill you.” Natasha asked.

“Is it really so? Harvits doesn't care about contracts, but he won't break them just because it's against him.”

It was such a personality.

“It is not a breach of contract. I am not responsible for what happens outside the temple. Even if there is, with Kashan's power, I'll be able to carry it through.”

Sumodo touched his chin.

“Hmm, then what’s more strange? Didn't the dead come out? It’s not even in a burnishing state.”

“… … Let's go in.”

As the four entered through the front door, numerous nobles were gambling.

"Oh yea! One million gold!” People clapped when the girl who had won the card game raised her hands.

'Rebecca.'

Vulcan, who had read the military standard, nodded.

“As expected, it is no coincidence that Habitz came. There was a VIP. Rebecca, Geese's daughter.”

“Your liver is swollen. I heard that there were also injured people, but they are still leisurely gambling.”

“My eyes are open. it must be a drug But more than that, I don’t think she knows where she is.”

Zetaro said.

“I think it's true that Havitz came to kill Rebecca. But why did he change his mind?”

"excuse me."

Vulcan pointed to the bar.

"welcome."

The bartender, who was washing the cups, immediately changed his expression when he saw the ferocious face of the 4 fighters.

“What are you here for?”

“I am Gustav's emperor Vulcan. I heard that Harvitz came here today, have you seen it?”

The bartender's expression darkened.

"I… … Who are you?”

Zetaro slammed the bar down.

“Emperor, Emperor! I am Prime Minister answer any questions Did you see Harvits or not?”

'Are they crazy people?'

A great number of people had been looking for him since broad daylight, but this was the first time the emperor had ever been there.

“Ah, that… …

The bartender recited exactly what he had told everyone.

It was a matter of life.

"female… … A child?”

Vulcan's eyes shook at the unexpected information.

"yes. He looked about seven years old. The atmosphere was a bit odd though. Mr. Harvits drank the whiskey, and the child didn't touch anything.” Natasha asked.

“What were you talking about? I have to be honest.”

“I really don’t know! The customers were vomiting en masse, so we went to the warehouse to get ice.”

Sumodo checked the bartender's expression with a clear look.

'It's not a lie.'

The question that remains is who the hell is the child that Havitz is more interested in than Rebecca.

“We seek, unconditionally.”

There was no disagreement with Balkan's words, and the four of them stood up as if to kill each other.

“It’s an inquiry chase. Even if you don't know Havitz, there must be people who have seen the child. Grab whatever comes your way.”

The holy war would not stand still, but Gustav's 4th skill was a life without a back.

“There is no need for that.”

The bartender pointed forward with a surprised expression.

"uh? me, there! That child!”

Where the 4th Gustav had turned, Wena Wizard was standing upright.

'alone? Where are the Harvits?' Vulcan quickly looked left and right, but his eyes were fixed on the Wizard.

'No, rather than that.]... …

Everyone was thinking the same thing.

'Are you really human?'