obituary (1)

How could I forget Tess's voice, I thought, but Lian was vague.

"what?"

When I looked up at the hill, I saw Tess sitting on the dark horse with a teary face.

“You bad boy… …

As long as you live like this.

“Haha, isn’t that Tess? A long time." I didn't expect it from the beginning, but isn't it too much to treat someone I met by chance?

“You madman! Is that what you want to say to me? So far no contact at all... …

Amy's voice forced Tess to close her mouth.

“Sirone.”

She spoke in a trembling voice, and her face was covered with joy bordering on fear.

“How are you here… … ?”

I don't think it's real, but even if it was a dream, I hoped that I wouldn't wake up forever.

“Amy.”

As Sirone slowly stepped towards her, Lian moved aside.

In the delicate atmosphere between the two, the soldiers whispered in their ears.

“I heard the demons call me Yahweh. Are you sure you know the battalion commander?"

Among those with thick bones on the battlefield, there was no one who didn't know the Infinite Wizard.

“Isn’t it serious? Maybe the two of you say "shh."

Sirone stopped in front of Amy.

'Is that really Amy?'

When he was excited, he couldn't feel the reality even when he saw his reddish eyes involuntarily.

It didn't matter.

“Sirone… …

Before Amy could finish her words, Shiroe hugged her tightly and buried her face in her shoulder.

"I miss you."

Amy's smell.

The reason I didn't wrap it up with the word scent was because I thought she would disappear right now.

'Amy. The real Amy.'

This primal, unique smell was the only proof that she was real.

What should I say?

He went through so many things, such as the sacrifice of Seong-eum, the death of Gai, and Yahweh's outrage.

But now that he hugged Amy, there was only one thing Si Lone could say.

“Don’t disappear.”

Tears welled up in Amy's eyes.

"??????okay."

If they felt the same way, words didn't matter, and Amy hugged Sirone tightly around the waist.

“Is that man your lover?”

The eyes of the soldiers widened, and several of his men approached Tess and asked.

“Is it true, boss? Are you really saying that the battalion commander’s lover is Oh Dae-seong of the Ivory Tower?”

“Ivory Tower Five Stars?”

Tess, who read the psychology of her subordinates, smiled and said,

“No, just a classmate from school.” Relationships are like that.

And another classmate, Maya, was watching Shirone and Amy from a distance.

'I have no place to intervene.'

I could tell just by looking at the eyes of the two that it wasn't just a matter of distance.

“Maya, let’s go back.”

Falmus, who was guarding her back, grabbed Maya by the shoulder and turned her back.

“… … yes."

Tess didn't like watching Maya go home.

'Sorry. Things were bad. To think that three people would meet in a place like this.'

Actually, it was not the time to worry about others.

Seeing Sirone and Amy being affectionate, Boa Chimin Tess slapped Lian on the arm.

"you idiot! Where were you and what were you doing?”

“What to do? We went to war.”

It was a word that left me speechless.

“I cut down a lot of demons. I came all the way here cutting, cutting, and cutting again.”

Ryan asked, patting Tess's head.

"how is it? Was it helpful?” Lyn Tess smiled as she looked back in front of her, pulling her Lian's arm over her own shoulder.

"good job."

It was a pleasant reunion for almost everyone.

It was definitely an exhibition, so I couldn't stay in the impression forever.

After hearing from Sirone how she had come to this place, Amy instructed her adjutant.

“Send a messenger right now and prepare to withdraw. As soon as an order from the superior comes down, we move.”

“Yes, battalion commander.”

Since the 30,000 detached demons were wiped out, there was no reason for Amy's army to be stationed here.

'This is such a perfect victory.'

It was an achievement worthy of being awarded the Order of Merit in the temple, but it was unlikely.

'Sirone and Lian.'

Standing in front of the Infinite Wizard and the Knight of Mach, today's victory report felt shabby.

'It's not the power to be in one battalion.' Amy, who had experienced numerous wars, also realized how great the value of Si Lone's combat power was.

“Sirone, you said you were going to Tormia, right?”

The death of Guy, Lian's older brother, was also sad for Amy and Tess.

"huh. To go to the Ogent family and ask for forgiveness. I think that is the order.”

It was a conscience like Sirone.

"good. Our unit will be moving anyway. Is it okay if I accompany you on the way?”

“Yeah, of course. I'm not leaving right away either."

The fact that the report on Sirone went to Valkyrie meant that the commander-in-chief would also find out.

'If Iruki needed me, there was no reason to leave the unit in advance and create a variable that could not prepare for an emergency.

The duty officer approached.

“Commander, the barracks are almost finished. How is the performance going? Ask from there... …

I couldn't help but ask because the contract was at stake.

"Oh right. show."

Amy, who realized it belatedly, said.

“Sirone, Maya is here too. A consolation performance for our unit.”

A blush appeared on Sirone's face.

"really? Maya?"

Amy asked the officer.

“What does the agency representative say?”

“The singer said that he seemed shocked by the attack. If caught in breach of contract, she would have no choice but... …

'It's not because of the raid.'

Tess heard that Maya was present at the reunion with Sirone.

"it's okay. We also have negligence, so let's end this. Give the soldiers beer.”

Alcohol was forbidden during the performance, but the demons nearby were annihilated.

“Sirone, are you going to see Maya?”

“Uh, over there… … Can I?” Sirone was no fool either.

"What are you talking about? It's not a stranger, it's an alumni. go first I’ll look around the workshop and follow you.”

“Okay then.”

As Sirone left the barracks, Amy put her arms on the desk and grabbed her head.

"Oh, that's going crazy." I was so nervous I was about to die.

'Why is it today?'

Why did Heaven send Sirone and give her a situation with Maya?

I had to work anyway.

Upon arriving at the entrance of the unit, the work of removing the corpses of the demons and maintaining the barbed wire fence was in full swing.

“Amy.”

Tess, who was managing the scene, came running.

“How are you? huh? What does Sirone say? did you kiss No, we already have a hot relationship... …

Amy looked back in bewilderment.

“What nonsense are you talking about? This is an army. It's not a place where you can fry and fry just because your lover has come.”

Tess also noticed her subordinates.

"Who's going to say it out loud? Everyone else must be thinking that way too. It's stupid not to.”

“Hmm.”

Amy was also a person.

The stress accumulated on the battlefield is beyond imagination, and the dissatisfaction has reached its peak.

The reason I was able to hold on until now was because I had no experience with that man.

“Commander, I will change the barbed wire to type C. It will save you time.”

Amy looked back at Daewon with blank eyes.

While examining the drawing, he habitually put his ballpoint pen in and out of the cap.

Saliva ran down Amy's throat.

“Aww! Ouch!”

At the entrance, soldiers with hammers were pounding thick stakes into the ground.

"hey! tighten! More, more!”

On the other side, I could see the soldiers hard at work putting long bolts into the nuts.

“......!”

It felt like it was getting hot all of a sudden.

'Ah, I need to wake up.'

Amy shook her head from side to side to clear her thoughts before digging deeper.

"Are you sick? Your cheeks are really red?”

"Nothing. Anyway, I'll go see Maya first. You should also finish up and rest.”

Tess asked Amy who turned around.

“Are you concerned too?” Amy stopped walking.

“The person Sirone loves is you. So there is no need to think deeply about Maya.”

"I don't know."

Although they were romantic enemies, they were friends and comrades-in-arms.

“It is not a simple matter. therefore… … I feel like committing a sin. In a way, it is like violence.”

Would it be best to make love with Sirone in Maya's presence?

“I missed you too. Besides, we are soldiers. You never know what will happen.”

There is no tomorrow for soldiers.

“Do not die. Are you sure you will win?”

Amy smiled and turned around.

“Don’t worry about me, take care of Lian. You guys really know, but you don’t know.”

Tess, speechless, puffed out her cheeks and looked up.

“Look at the sky to see the stars.”

past midnight.

In an empty lot, Amy and Maya looked up at the night sky and were lost in thought.

“I’m sorry, Amy.”

Maya knew exactly where she was.

"what?"

"You're worrying about me for nothing. It would have been annoying to laugh and talk with Sirone.”

Amy laughed.

“It’s really the same. What is it like? It's good to have fun with friends.”

It's my heart, anyway.

“But you know. What do I think of Sirone? And now too.”

“I heard from Tess.”

If you were in Maya's position.

“I was not feeling well either. To be honest, I don’t even know what to do in a situation like this.”

“Don't think like that. I have no desire to be an intruder. If you think of me, just do whatever you want.”

“Do whatever you want… …

Amy turned her head.

“I won’t do anything that might bother you.”

" huh?"

Maya blinked.

"It's not pity, it's not a conscience. Because we are friends. I want everyone to be friendly while we're here.”

I didn't want to ask if it was a man or a woman

“Emmy… …

Maybe it will be the same as in school days like this?

"what? Why are you making that face? Do not misunderstand. I'm not saying I'm giving you a chance... …

Maya stole a tear.

"thank you. Thanks, Amy.”

I was happy that I had such wonderful friends, but on the other hand, my heart ached.

'If I do this, I won't be able to steal it.'

next morning.

The Kaidra sent from the temple landed on Amy's troops at the speed of a gale.

“This is an urgent order!”

Amy greeted the messenger with a nervous expression at the faster reaction speed than expected.

"What happened?"

Tess and Lian arrived, and Sirone, who had been helping them pack, came along with Maya.

The messenger brought out a letter.

“This is an order from Iruki, the Valkyrie General Commander. Sirone, Amy, and Maya are telling you to return to Tormia Kingdom immediately and go to Creas City.”

Maya pointed to herself.

"yes? me too?"

If it was something related to the war, even if Tess didn't know it, Lian couldn't help but be involved.

Sirone was lost in thought.

'Me, Amy, and Maya?'

The only thing the three of them had in common was that they were from Alpheas Magic School.

“Here is the letter from the General Commander-in-Chief.”

When Amy opened the letter, Sirone and Maya stood side by side behind her and read it with their eyes.

"what… … ?”

Ficho's obituary was written.