[218] 6. Heaven's Trouble (5)

Canis gasped. His head was spinning and it felt like his brain was melting.

But I still couldn't get comfortable. I had to fight for Arin until the last moment.

“Baalb, the fodder is not a horse.”

Baalb's body trembled at Kariel's voice.

“I’m sorry, Miss Kariel.”

Canis' face went blank. I must have broken all the bones in my body, so how could I be alive?

No, it wasn't just alive.

Each body organ was changing into a strange shape. 

Encased in a carapace, the insect's legs protruded, and tentacles resembling molluscs extended.

“Thank you for allowing the demon awakening.”

As Baalb's size grew like a mountain, everyone raised their heads vertically.

It was a huge creature mixed with all sorts of creatures.

The word junk food was just right.

It seemed that if I put octopuses, cockroaches, flies, maggots, and snakes in a pot, boil them, and dry them, they would come out exactly like that.

“Kikiki! It's been 2,000 years since you awakened.”

"now… … Is it over?”

Kanis's hope disappeared like a bubble. Objects are just... … It was just Mara's plaything.

It was already too late when I realized that I had risked my life on an impossible task from the beginning.

@

“Lian, Lian… … .”

Feope looked back at Lian with tears in her eyes. Even in a situation where everything was in vain, he was fighting.

No, I was blocking it.

Lian, who vomited blood from the first collision, hugged Ymir and put on a mental lock.

Even if it breaks, it does not bend.

What he got in return for taking the dangerous path was physical ability that conformed to the schema.

Ymir realized that if he didn't break Rian's body, he would never be freed.

The greatsword staggered whenever Lian's body shook in shock.

“Keugh! yet… … !”

This situation gave Ymir a strange thought.

The temperament of power is hard as iron. It was not the strength that a creature could produce. Besides, it made a mess in the stomach, so it was normal to have no strength.

'Among humans, those who can use it are extremely rare.'

As we fight countless battles, we meet such people on a very low frequency. However, they were the strongest warriors representing civilization without exception.

Putting a human who can't even use the giant's wine into the same class would not be a courtesy to them.

"haha! Let's go somewhere to the end!”

Ymir landed an uppercut from super close range.

Lian's eyes widened as the muscles in her abdomen ruptured. Her knees bent as her lifted body landed, but she held on to Ymir.

In the next moment, Lian broke the mental lock and shoved Ymir on the shoulder.

When the clinch, which seemed to be unsolvable even if he died, was over, Ymir made a puzzled expression.

But does it matter? You are the strongest anyway. 

This is what any living creature ends up fighting against the king of giants.

“Have you given up in the end? It lasted a long time for a human being. As a reward, I will finish it painlessly.”

Ymir stepped forward with all his might and extended his fist. It was a destructive power that tore her muscles even at close range, so if a blow with her weight came in, Lian's body would not have the ability to withstand it.

But Ryan didn't care. His eyes were looking over the giant's shoulder as he smiled at Ymir.

“Here you are, Sirone.”

@

Sirone covered the distance of one kilometer in 30 seconds.

As the Great World War drew near, I saw a giant with a fist and a messed up Lian.

“Liaaan!”

Ymir flinched. However, her fist, which contained her strength, rode her inertia and rushed toward Lian's abdomen.

Sirone cast Shining Chain. Chains tens of meters long wrapped around Ymir's body.

"huh?"

The moment Ymir realized it, his body was being dragged away at an incredible speed.

“Big!”

Even while floating, Ymir attempted to break the chain by injecting power into it.

The giant's strength rushed into Sirone's spirit. But I had no intention of accepting an ignorant challenge.

Sirone moved the chain and defeated the giant.

bang! bang! bang! bang! bang!

Ymir's body wrapped in chains drew a trajectory of a parabola and was thrown back and forth. When she finally put it on the ground, the floor rang.

Ymir, sprawled, was motionless.

It was a humiliation.

The fact that his body was ridiculed by a mere human wizard made his body hot.

“Do you think it will break if you just hit the ground? I'll break these chains right now! Feel how strong my body is!”

The chains pulled as Ymir flexed his muscles. Sirone's brow wrinkled. However, if the opponent came out with a straight attack, it was a wizard to turn around and counter it.

“How about this?”

Sirone swung her arm and the chains broke, sending Ymir flying off the bridge.

Ymir looked at Sirone with a blank expression while floating in the air.

"you… … .”

Just as he was about to say something, his body fell under the bridge under the force of gravity.

7. Heaven (1)

The falling Ymir looked at the receding bridge. She was able to get out of her dejected mind only when the scenery was covered by clouds.

“Anyway, wizards are… … .”

It didn't matter even if it fell to the ground like this. It would have been much more fun to have a endurance match with the ground waiting below rather than wandering around in a 'part' state.

I thought so.

But the moment the boy appeared, the smell came back. A fishy, ​​yet spicy smell unique to the battlefield.

Nothing is over yet. Still, the hottest place in heaven was the Great World War.

“I can’t fall into a place like that.”

I have to go to the great world war. 

If you try to jump, the power of the 'part' will weaken even more, but the smell of blood on the battlefield is calling, so there is no need to hesitate.

“Huh!”

Ymir puffed up as he inhaled air.

When oxygen was cut off, the skin hardened like porcelain. The color was gone from his face, and the life in his eyes was gone.

Her lips parted and her pulse stopped.

So Ymir died.

pop! The front part of the corpse exploded, and the same shape of Ymir came out.

Empowered by the powerful momentum, Ymir jumped several tens of meters and stuck her fingers into the pillars supporting the Buddha.

“Whoa, it annoys me every time I do it.”

For him who pursued powerlessness, the weakening of his power was an unbearable setback. Particularly, being born part to part was extremely unpleasant because it had to go through death.

One reason for enduring all this humiliation. It was to see the end of the battle with his own eyes.

Hanging from the pole, Ymir put the soles of his feet on the pole and let his shoulders hang down. As I spurred her pole, pulling her arms up, her huge body soared against her gravity.

@

- 80% progress in the Art of Life.

Sirone looked back on the Great World War. As we approached the entrance, Feofe handed over the memories of his so far.

Sirone looked down at the bleeding Lian.

"are you okay? I'm sorry I'm late."

"no. It's not too late. Go in and get the girls.”

Ryan was a mess. He needed time to at least replenish his stamina to return home.

“Sirone!”

cried Amy. Tears welled up in her eyes as the emotions she had been holding back exploded. She thought she was holding up well, but it seemed that she was saddened without realizing it.

"I do not have time! Once the information is sent, it's done!”

Sirone knew what she meant. She was so angry that her fingertips trembled.

All this time, I never thought that Amy would have to ask for her permission to do anything. 

But when this happened, I realized it.

No one should be rude to Amy without her permission.

Canis rose from Sirone's shadow.

“How are you? Did you find a way to escape? Ikael said he would free the women?”

“Ichael won’t come.”

"So you're saying you've worked hard?"

“Maybe it is. But from now on, I'll try.”

Sirone walked over to Baalb. However, the target he was glaring at was Kariel beyond that.

“If you release the women right now, I will just go back.”

“Even so, what has changed? Destruction cannot be avoided. The final war will happen and all humans can do is wait for death.”

"no. You cannot destroy us.”

"I don't know why you're talking nonsense like that. The power of heaven is great. If Ra did not exist, your world would not exist either.”

“It could be. But Ra is not a god.”

It was not an intentional word or a sophistry. Sirone sincerely thought so. The maze was also the same.

-Sirone, God is not a particularly great being. He's just the designer of the world.

When I heard that from Miro, I didn't understand at first. I thought that the Unlocker, who uses scale magic, was overconfident in his ability and disparaged God.

But it wasn't until he realized the secret of heaven.

Miro knew that beings who considered themselves great could not become gods.

there is only one god He was the designer of the world.

“Humans are not as stupid as you think. A being that we can see, feel, and analyze cannot be God! we will fight! If the final war breaks out, it will be heaven to perish!”

Kariel's expression crumpled. It must have been a long time since I heard such disrespectful words. 

“This makes it clear. man deserves to die Baalb, punish them.”

“That is the greatest pleasure for me, Mr. Kariel.”

Baalb's heavy body began to wriggle. Every time the giant moved, the unknown organs swayed meaninglessly.

“Canis! Back off!”

Numerous photons floated around Sirone. The tension of the vibrating light was terrifying, as if it would jump out at the slightest touch.

At the same time as Baalb attacked Sirone, dozens of photon cannons were fired.

Puff puff puff puff!

Surprisingly, Baalb's body was pushed back. Then, a tearing scream erupted. 

The photon cannon pounded the huge body endlessly.

The legs of the insects were broken, and the tentacles of the molluscs lost their elasticity, as if they had been wrung from their molars.

Baalb's body turned completely over. Even under that circumstance, he was pushed towards Kariel, getting hit by a barrage of cannon fire.

Sirone stopped the magic only then. It was an attack in which the anger so far exploded at once.

Still, I wasn't tired. Even though the power of the single shot increased, I couldn't even feel the fatigue.

Canis, watching that, collapsed. Is it possible for humans to step up the power of magic in just a few hours?

It is not uncommon to realize something new by risking one's life on the battlefield.

However, Sirone did not undergo a mental change. Previously, all the figures that made up him had risen collectively.

'I can't do this. It can't be this far away.'

Even just a few months ago, when I had a battle with Sirone, the difference wasn't that great. Also, after being defeated by light magic, he trained harder than anyone else to surpass Sirone.

But Sirone was farther away than before.

Why is he not frustrated? What is the source of his power?

Kyle-El said to the fallen Baalb.

“Stop playing around, Baalb.”

His expression did not waver at all. Of course, Sirone's magic was quite good for a human. By the standards of the subjects, it should have been well within the top 40%.

But with that, you can't defeat Lee Gak Mara.

According to the law, what was impossible even if there were 10 sirones was Mara's force.

“I’m sorry, Kariel-sama. It seems that the great world war will break down a little.”

“It’s okay.”

When Kariel agreed, the floor began to shake. The organs of countless creatures that made up Baalb struggled as they headed toward the ceiling.

“Kikiki! Waking up my cute test subjects. It will be a nightmare for you.”

---------------------------------------