[797] Complex (2)

Pony asked again, narrowing her eyes.

“Are you a weird person?”

“Maybe there are terrorists mixed in there.”

Pony knew what kind of ability a terrorist's eating out was based on.

“Is it possible? I didn't have enough space to make such an attempt. Security was really tight.”

Pony is by no means weak, but the terrorist's skills far exceeded her expectations.

“There is a possibility that it may have changed after arriving at the venue. Do you have any tips?”

Pony looked back at the door.

“It’s a problem because there are too many of them. I went through something like that yesterday and everyone was shocked. There are people who try to act brightly, and vice versa... … .”

It was natural.

“If it's a face swap, you won't be able to talk. Your eyes will also be a little hazy.”

If the hostages held by the terrorists were in a normal state, they would have screamed in fear the moment their bodies were changed.

“There is, especially the one who hasn’t spoken since this morning.”

"who is this?"

Pony searched for her memory.

“As of 9 am, there are 3 people who have not said a word. Miss Weiden, Miss Nam Eymond, Miss Yakma.”

“Ummm, three people.”

“Couldn’t you rather compare heights? Even if the face has changed, the body is a terrorist. How far can you tell with your eyes?”

“About plus or minus 0.3 cm. But the terrorist's face is covered, so we can't determine his exact height.”

“Ultimately, you have to find it yourself. Then how about I call out one by one?”

Sirone shook her head.

"Dangerous. A woman held hostage could get hurt, and if she commits a random terror out of desperation... … .”

“Then what are you going to do?”

“Replacing a face is a precise operation. Hidden Peace should be hidden nearby. Keep an eye on the participants' movements while I look for them.”

"okay. I'll go in now. If you take your time, you will get suspicious.”

As Sirone ran down the hallway, Pony corrected her expression and opened the door to the waiting room.

Participants tilted their heads.

“What about Mr. Sirone?”

“I told them to wait outside and sent them back.”

"why? I really can stay with you.”

“Heh, I’m a specification. Even if no one else knows, I never change my clothes in front of my alumni.”

The other contestants didn't suspect it when he took out his swimsuit and changed it around like that.

'Can I make it on time?'

It was 5 minutes before the start of the competition.

'The ability to split a space within a radius into a specific number. It must be inside the building.'

Sirone thought it was within a 100 meter radius.

'It would be nice to use the Quantum Super Position.'

Just as you can't stop seeing what you see with your eyes, it was impossible to drop the senses that evolved through resonance with your mouth.

'then… … .'

It was a completely different world, and in Sirone's world, human will can change the future.

'Time Vibration!'

After vibrating for one second, Sirone searched all the rooms around her while the time looped.

'doesn't exist! Not even here!'

It was an endless second.

After looking around the entire building like that, when we arrived at the waiting room, the participants had left for the competition.

'no. It can't be.'

It was one of them.

'It's not really there, or the target is also moving.'

However, if the target was moving fast, there was no way it wouldn't be caught in the spirit zone.

'damn!'

Sirone eventually went out of the building at the sound of shouts from outside the venue.

“… … .”

After 20 seconds, the air where Sirone was was hardened into adamantine and formed a human form.

'Keumgang's innocence.'

The powder spread with a popping sound, and then Hye-ga, holding a hostage with one arm, appeared.

'As long as I'm not thinking about anything, you can't feel me in the Spirit Zone.'

The ability to embody the phenomenological nothingness.

Although Hui is also unable to move, there is no way to find him in the state of Vajrapani.

'Master, is this really the right thing to do?'

As long as they belonged to the Eternal community, they had no choice but to follow orders, but taking hostages was not a Buddhist's business.

'What meaning will there be in the road that has lost its purpose?'

The hostage with Mortasinger's face covered in cloth wriggled as if it would be released from the hypnotic spell.

“Grow a little longer.”

Hye-ga put her hand on her stomach and chanted, and the woman's spasms disappeared like a lie.

“Wow, you came unexpectedly a lot?”

It was definitely less than yesterday, but more than 100 people were filling the front of the audience.

said Rangi.

“I heard that the government of Arachne sent an army specially for the tournament. Besides, the swimsuit judging is the highlight of the competition.”

The opportunity to see the world's most beautiful women in swimsuits is rare in my life.

“Miss Arachne! This is Barho Rangi!”

The audience gathered today was one hundred thousand, and when Rangi walked out, a hot cheer erupted.

"wow! really the best! Rangi!”

Rangi's body, which had been cultivated for a year for today, was so beautiful that it made me think it was unrealistic.

“We will have a Q&A session from now on. Why did you enter the world beauty pageant?”

“I have been interested in world peace since I was young. marginalized people in this society, and... … .”

After all, because the audience is more open-minded than ears, Rangi gave a standard answer.

'Pony! How did it go?'

Sirone, who came out to the audience, looked at Pony, but she shook her head.

'I don't know. Are you really here?'

Living was real.

“Miss Weiden! This is Maroni Adelka!”

Pony gave a soft chin.

'Keep an eye on it. He's a prime suspect.'

She has a cheerful and light personality, and she, who readily talked to Pony, hadn't said a word since the terror attack.

“You look great today. What is Miss Adelka's favorite food? And why?”

Still standing with a dark expression on her face, she opened her mouth with tears in her eyes.

"at home… … want to go."

"yes? Miss Adelka?”

“I am so scared. I don't want to die. Terrorism is scary, just send them home.”

When the contest official gave the signal to cut, the moderator immediately turned around.

“Miss Weiden seems to be very nervous. Let's invite the next contestant.”

As she watched Adelka cry and return to her seat, Sirone's mind became complicated.

'It's not Biden. then?'

With the suspects narrowed down to two, Miss Yakma came up to the podium.

“Okay then the question… … .”

Before the host could speak, she put her hands to her face and set her nails.

'That person!'

At the same time as the ignorant killing spree rose, the nails severely scratched his face.

“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! it hurts! it hurts!"

Miss Yakma, who came to her senses, screamed when she realized that her face was clinging to someone else's body.

The space was tangled up as the audience jumped up and the hidden peace of eating out of the regulations was activated.

'Now!'

Sirone, who had been waiting in advance, used the sense of timing to vibrate for one second.

'I have no choice but to kill!'

The moment when Sirone, who had returned to the moment before scratching his face, threw himself away.

'what… … !'

Even faster than that, Mortasinger's hands shattered Miss Yakma's skull.

'Only one second?'

The face of Mortar Singer, hidden in Hye-ga's innocence, smiled faintly.

'damn! again!'

After seeing the result, I returned to 1 second ago, but this time, Miss Yakma's face was destroyed without a doubt.

'I did it on purpose.'

Knowing that one second of time vibrates, he caused the first event to fill up one second.

Since the time frame of perception has been pushed away, no matter how much one second vibrates, the case of killing Miss Yakma will not change.

'What are you going to do now? Even if you kill me, you can't save the hostages. And if you can't kill me... … .'

I will kill everyone in the arena.

'One person and the whole life. Nothing can be weighed against Yahweh. You can't do anything.'

Realizing the strategy Mortasinger had made the night before, Sirone stopped the time vibration.

"damn."

The appearance of the Mortar Singer standing tall with his face blown off was quite hideous.

“Aww! help me! Terror!”

Pony immediately cast magic, but as Hidden Peace was activated, the earth and sky were reversed.

“People live… … !”

Woo woo woo woo!

When the ability was released in that state, the screams disappeared as if people were buried in the ground.

“Mr. Mortasinger.”

Hyega appeared, and the Mortasinger's face, covered with cloth, returned to the faceless body.

“Knock-knock! Knock-knock!”

As the mercenary parrots quickly approached, out of the radius of eating out, Bodhidharma blocked their way.

“Geumgangjang!”

Bodhidharma held out his hand, and the air was compressed in the form of a giant palm, stopping the display.

Mortasinger pointed at Sirone.

“How are you sure? Whether it be Yahweh or whatever, this is what happens when you touch the Church of the Ten Lords.”

“… … .”

Sirone's eyes were cold.

“I will never forgive you.”

"okay? However much. However, even Yahweh cannot bring back the dead. I won!”

“Ataraxia.”

As the huge halo exploded like thunder, colorful information was accumulated.

“Ho-ho-ho! kill! I won though! All the pretty things in the world are dead!”

“… … Hexagonal.”

Although the result was unpredictable magic, the enraged Sirone penetrated the magic circle of amplification without hesitation.

“Big!”

As the sense of time and space expanded enormously, the only time that existed in the universe paralyzed the ninth sense.

“Aaaaaaaaa!”

And it vibrates with time vibration.

'I can hold on!'

As the timeline wobbled at an amplitude of plus or minus 30 minutes, events began to flow in reverse order.

30 minutes ago.

“Heo-eok! Huh!”

At the entrance of the building at the venue, Sirone exhaled a heavy breath while lying on the ground.

'It's like this.'

Whether it is one second or one hour, time vibration is a phenomenon that resets the local time zone.

‘If I could bounce back to the beginning of time… … .'

reset.

It was the administrator's inherent authority, which only beings with 10-level stateless senses could do.

'Even in the land system, at least an hour.'

I hadn't even figured out how to reset the time perfectly.

'First of all, saving people comes first.'

time is space

It was not possible to cover all the space, but the people of the convention hall could be saved in one hour of resonance.

'The culprit is Miss Yakma.'

Killing the terrorist would prevent a massacre, but it could not save the hostages she had captured.

'The one-armed monk was holding it. Judging by the ability, it's not the movement of the target, but the one that doesn't exist.'

Still nothing was caught in the spirit zone.

'First, let's poke and see the reaction.'

Now that it was the vibration of the first round, Sirone, who was at ease, approached the door of the waiting room.

“I will go in.”

Knowing that it was already open, Sirone opened the door roughly and went in, and the participants set off firecrackers.

"surprise!"

There was a popping sound and the paper dust fluttered, but Sirone didn't even blink.

“Are you surprised? Here's our welcome ceremony! Come in quickly!”

Miss Yakma's nonchalant face was seen in Sirone's eyes as she followed as she pulled her wrist.

---------------------------------------