[787] Alpha fish (5)

“Huh… … .”

All the villagers fainted when the man, who was about to die even by biting his tongue, was hit on the back of the neck and fell down.

The only ones awake were the gypsies, but they were dressed differently, so it was easy to tell them apart.

However, even if they could not be distinguished, it would not have been difficult for the captain of the Guard to search out the guilty residents.

'This is why Your Highness is unique.'

Harvits is not afraid.

'Even if you are criticized by the world, Your Highness is also the ultimate in a certain state that humans can pursue.'

This was the reason why he, who had the title of Imperial First Sword, was willing to serve the king of the outskirts, who was almost in exile.

'I will definitely make Your Highness the emperor.'

Seven years later, he is decapitated by Natasha, a battle doll who came to Havitz's playground.

It is said that the last will he spat out from his severed throat was 'I saw the ultimate battle.'

“Habits?”

The gypsies stared blankly at Havitz holding Abella.

Even though he was not Emperor Gustav Havitz 16, the mere fact that he was Havitz ruling the eastern outskirts of Arkaba was like heaven to them.

'I heard he's an unprecedented tyrant.'

They were gypsies wandering the world aimlessly, but they knew that among the sons of the emperor, there was one with a madness that knew no bounds.

“Abella! Come on! hurry!"

Having tasted the brutality of Habitz through the pirates, even Abella's mother couldn't bear to approach her and only beckoned.

“Don’t be afraid.”

Harvits whispered, and Abella nodded.

"huh. I am not afraid at all now.”

Even the scene where a person died is a catastrophe no different from a natural disaster to a nine-year-old child who almost got raped.

But what mattered to her was the fact that there were no more villains harassing her.

“Because you defeated the monster.”

Only adults see the invisible line.

“Put me down.”

Although the world's leading scholars have not been able to give a clear definition of the character Havitz.

“Are you going to your mother? Shall we play tomorrow then?”

In Abella's eyes, Havits was just a boy his age with superpowers stronger than any other adult.

“We must leave now.”

Having lived the life of a gypsy, Abella knew that tomorrow the tribe would move the village.

"okay?"

Harvits showed a sad look.

“Abella, come here. Don't bother the higher ones."

Just as her mother mustered up the courage to approach, Abella reached out to Havitz.

“Mister, since I’m an adult, can you give me some money?”

“Abella!”

Mom shouted.

“Yes, I will give you 10 billion gold. I have a lot of money.”

Harvitz obediently agreed, but Abella shook her head as if that wasn't the case.

"no. I'm going to buy a flower here. This time, by knowing the name and breed. And I'm going to do a flower business.”

“How do you do business with one flower?”

“Flowers are sown every year. If there are enough flowers to grow, nurture, and open a flower shop... … .”

Abella burst into tears.

“Would you like to visit my store? Let's play together again."

Perhaps he was so sad about parting with Abella, Harvits sniffed and rummaged through his pockets.

"of course. If you want to play together, you have to listen to what you want, so I will definitely go see the flower garden.”

A gold coin was placed on the little hand.

“Abella!”

As Harvits left town, Abella's mother ran over and slapped her on the butt.

“What the hell have you been doing? You almost died! know?"

“Aww! Why do you hit me!”

At the words of the child, who did not seem to know the seriousness of the situation, the mother grabbed her by the shoulder and met her eyes.

“Look Mom! Didn't she tell me not to hang out with anyone? you… … Do you know who that person is?”

"huh? that person?”

Looking back at where Harvitz had left, Abella opened her tear-stained face and said,

“Mustache Archie.”

“Uhhhh! Heh heh heh!”

On the way back to the castle, Habitz cried out sadly, and the captain of the guards said,

“Your Highness, if you feel so sad about parting, can't you bring all the gypsies to the royal castle?”

As Habitz's crying suddenly stopped, a murderous feeling that the captain of the guards had never experienced in his life stabbed into his eyes.

“I’m sorry!”

He didn't know what was wrong.

“Abella said she would take care of the flower garden and show it to me. But do you want me to bring you? Are you still human?”

'I can't figure it out at all.'

Is it so important that Abella tends the flower garden and that Harvitz later visits it?

'Even though it seems like you're doing what you want... … .'

sometimes completely insulated

'No, that's also the foot of desire.'

The idea of ​​a promise made with a nine-year-old is only for adults.

For Harvitz, it was the most powerful driving force in life.

“A witch.”

The reason why I didn't cut the head of the head of the guards was because I felt that there was some reason.

“Before the people of Bardol were put to death… … .”

The guards commander immediately bowed his head.

“Please tell me.”

“Investigate all family ties. Investigate the residents' cousins, eighth cousins, and even the first cousins, and kill them all. Don't miss out on one person.”

"yes?"

As a rough estimate, the number must have exceeded 10,000, so the guards commander raised his head.

After reading the sincerity from Havitz's face, he hurriedly lowered his back and spewed out an answer.

“I will follow your orders!”

* * *

“It wasn’t something I knew.”

Wu Lin said.

“Havitz is free from the law, but he must feel another precept that refers to himself by the number 2 of the law. Of course, due to the nature of chaos, it is far from reason. Anyway, sensuously... … .”

It was a shocking result to the point of being stunned.

“He actually killed about 22,000 of all the inhabitants of Bardol, after examining first cousins ​​and eighth cousins.”

Watching Abella's shoulders tremble again, Minerva opened her mouth.

“You knew it, sensuously.”

"okay. Perhaps 14 years ago, if the chaos called Habits hadn't intervened in that village, Mr. Abella would have been raped by pirates.”

That's how you become a witch.

"Even if he hadn't awakened from there, the result of the massacre of the villagers would have been a new cause in some way and would have followed Abella-san all his life."

Havitz blocked it from the source.

“A whopping 14 years. By bombarding all her variables that were likely to haunt her until she reached adulthood, she made her legal mess. That is why Miss Abella did not become her witch.”

Minerva glared at Abella.

“Did you know? Since you left, all the villagers and those with even a drop of blood have died.”

“Oh no!”

After hesitating for a moment, Abella confessed.

"in fact… … yes. I heard from her mother later. If it wasn't for Mister Harvits, I'd be a witch."

“They are innocent. Do you know that too?”

Abella burst into tears.

"yes."

By the time she was nine, she could see the same things as Havitz and empathize with them.

But eventually, when you become an adult, you can see invisible lines, and Abella understood all of that.

Sirone asked.

“Did you think of calling Harvits a florist?”

"no. It's a promise I made when I was young. Later I realized how absurd that was. The flowers I bought with the money the uncle gave me also withered in a year. At that time, I cried a lot for days.”

"the problem is… … .”

said Iruki.

“It means that promise is still valid for Harvitz. I’m still waiting for Abella to call me.”

There was no disagreement.

“Then the odds of success would be higher, but… … .”

Sirone interrupted Minerva.

“Mr. Abella, what about your current mother?”

“He passed away two years ago. Because her original body is weak. But they were happy that I opened a flower shop.”

It had been quite a while since Youth disappeared, so Abella had no family left.

Minerva opened her mouth again.

“We intend to kill Havitz. The most important thing is your will. Can you?”

'Mister Harvits... … .'

Havitz knows how many people have been sacrificed for breaking the witch's fate.

'Your uncle is a bad man. He's a really bad guy.'

Abella closed her eyes.

'By burying people alive, starting a war, and even killing all unrelated people... … so… … .'

That's why I live so happily

'The conflict must be serious.'

Sirone understood Uorin's words.

'Evil looks attractive in some cases.'

Because they do things humans can't.

"But you're mistaken, Mr. Abella. Harvits are just endless chaos, man-defined atrocities."

That's why it shouldn't be in the human world.

"I'll do it."

Having made up her mind, Abella slowly opened her eyes.

'Yes, let's die. Let's die together, mister.'

Wu Lin said.

“I will give you one last chance to think. Not for you, but for us. I know it's not going to work by forcing it."

“No, I have decided. Although I received help from Uncle Havitz, many people died because of me.”

They also had a heart to atone for.

“I will. I don’t know what abilities I have, but I will do my best.”

When Gando took Abella out, Wu-rin turned to the audience and said.

“Once we got the alpha fish. Now, just bring the beta fish and all the preparations are over.”

Iruki leaned on his chin and said.

“… … There were survivors.”

Sirone realized it too.

"Oh, I see."

“The 22,000 innocent people Havitz ordered to kill. But even the Emperor can't find all of his blood relatives. Have you already found the one who hates Havits the most?”

Wu Lin spoke frankly.

"okay. She fled from the massacre 14 years ago and is currently residing in Arachne Kingdom.”

Legally, it could be said to be a fantastic combination.

“Arachne? Are you in the southern hemisphere?”

Gudio added.

“The Seven Planets represent the 10 kingdoms of the Southern Continental Sea. It’s also a popular resort as a political refuge.”

“It’s also where the world beauty pageant is held.”

Everyone paid attention to Mice.

"just… … I'm curious who will win. It's this time of year. There are no other feelings.”

Uorin sighed and said.

“The problem is that she is hiding her identity. So Sirone, I want to ask you.”

I was already promising.

“Bring me the beta fish. If it's the Five Stars, you can request the Arachne government's asylum record.”

“What about her?”

“My name is Amery Jaysteen. She couldn't confirm what name she was currently using. She is twenty-seven years old, and has a burn scar from her exile under her right breast, on her side.”

An unusual wound would certainly help.

“In Kashan, it is almost end to end. Considering the waiting time at the international station, it's no different than flying.”

Iruki asked.

“Isn’t that more monstrous?”

Woorin smiled.

“Go on Ratusa. It will help.”

A tier 3 monster, Kaidra, the monstrous bird.

When I stopped by Vanguard, an oasis in the southern desert, I had vivid memories of going through Noscarta, the god of the desert, together.

'It was really hard, but now that's also a memory.'

I suddenly missed Lian and Kido.

“I’ll leave right away. Please wait for Ratusa.”

When Sirone opened the door with Iruki, Mais jumped up and shouted.

“Make sure to know the color of the winner’s swimsuit!”

There was a thud and the door closed.

---------------------------------------