[329] Battle Mage's Philosophy (3)

Dante said with an absurd expression when he felt the energy of the craftsman in Sirone's eyes as he sewed.

“Hey, do you really have to sew here?”

“That's the only coat I brought. And doing it outside is hard because your hands are frozen.”

Sirone breathed heavily on her still cold hands and focused on sewing again.

After ordering tea at the counter, Dante brings back an Armand that Sirone leaned against the wall on his way back.

Sirone only looked at Armand. The demonic sword, which had been so picky, was as quiet as a mouse.

It's as if Dante deserves to take care of himself.

Because of the people's attention, Dante set the sword upright without pulling it out and inspected the exterior.

“Hey, so this is an S-class object.”
I had heard a rough explanation on the way 
.

A demonic sword equipped with the concepts of Rated Control and Armed Forces.

It was an impeccable weapon that not only amplified mana, but also had the function of maximizing physical airborne ability.

Dante threw Armand into the wall. Then, Sirone brought it back to its original position with rated control.

Dante, who confirmed it with his own eyes, said with a smile.

“It is a good weapon. Considering the rarity, it is understandable that it is over 4 billion gold.”

Amy, who had been sitting back and warming herself by the fireplace, turned her head and said,

“You say 4 billion gold easily? After all, the Erhein family is a chaebol family that ranks 20th in the kingdom's business world. But why would the young master of such a house obtain and drink coffee?”

"haha! Coffee brewed by someone else tastes better. The coffee that someone else buys is even better. And if you get 4 billion gold for a single sword, even my parents would have their jaws wide open.”

Said Sirone, who fastened the first button and connected the needle to the second button.

“Sorry. I was going to sell it for about 3 billion if I was interested.”

I heard the sound of Armand's jewels trembling.

“I am not interested in collecting things in particular. It’s a caution not to buy souvenirs even when traveling.”

Dante, who says that S-class objects are just collections, was certainly not a normal human being.

But Sirone liked that.

After all, wizards are the kind that don't see anything other than what they like.

The clerk brought tea while Sirone finished sewing and put the coat back on.

Sirone and Amy were silent for a long time while drinking juice and cocoa.

Until earlier, they were giggling and dying happily, but when Dante was there, they suddenly came in and out.

Dante sat obliquely with his legs crossed, sipping his coffee and watching the two of them.

Then he pointed at Amy with his coffee cup hand.

“How are you anyway?”

"huh? what?"

“I don’t think either of you are the type to go on a leisurely date. Traveling up, what is that?”

Sirone put down his glass and looked back at Amy. It was the first time she talked about her graduation exam.

“Hmm.”

Amy put her chin on her chin and looked out the window.

“I honestly don’t know. It's not that I'm not motivated, but should I say it's too vague?"

Amy also spoke with a calm expression.

“Anyway, you did your best for six years, didn’t you? But I ended up dropping out. I don't know what to do anymore. I also feel that it is not possible to simply improve my skills. So what... … .”

Amy snorted and shrugged.

“I’m in the process of refining it. It must be a psychological problem called the second challenge. I will have to find or create a special occasion.”

Dante nodded.

Of course, he doesn't even consider the possibility of failing the graduation exam. But if he had fallen, he would have had the same troubles as Amy now.

"Right. But what exactly was the situation at the time? Of course, I also watched the game, but it is different from playing in the field.”

Sirone looked at Amy with a nervous expression. She will be a memory of her that she never wants to recall.

But what I wanted to hear was also true.

Especially since he had to deal with Fermi's party after vacation, the more information he had, the better.

Fortunately, Amy didn't look particularly distressed. It seemed that the period of one-dimensional suffering had already been overcome.

“I was mass lynched… … It’s from 1 minute 32 seconds after the battle begins.”

Amy's crimson eyes glowed red as she pulled out the information at the time.

“As soon as the person-to-person combat item was hit, 2,000 times were activated, and all participants moved at high speed. At that time, the first thing I thought I should aim for was Samuel. Other contestants seemed to have the same idea.”

Sirone said.

“Because Sanuel is a magician.”

"that's right. It takes time for the spirit magic to activate. At the time of training, Sanuel's ultrasonography level was 148 syllables per sec. Intermediate magic takes at least 4 seconds to cast. However, since the power of amplification is enormous once the commandment is completed, it is the first target to be eliminated in the person-to-person combat category. But Fermi broke the tide.”

Amy's face changed seriously.

“It was really strange. that feeling. discomfort. Of course, at the time of the battle, I wasn't in the mood to even think about collusion, but I think I instinctively decided to change her target to Fermi. As it turned out, she was wrong. I couldn't see the target clearly because of the licen's plasma. So he tried melee combat, and I think he played the promised play on that side.”

Amy was silent for a while. She seemed to be reliving the circumstances of the time when she made a probably fatal mistake.

As if to shake off remorse, she exhaled deeply. Then she came back to her reality and dropped her shoulders.

“After that, the charter turned, and as you know, I was unilaterally pushed out and was eliminated early.”

Dante, lost in thought, asked.

“But I heard that Fermi and the others used that tactic from before? It's a promised play."

"that's right. It's not like I wasn't prepared either. When you enter your senior year, you train for six test subjects in rotation. You can figure out the faction, and you can also know each person's skills. But on test day, something was different. Even if you think the promised play is part of the tactic, there is no need for them to block Sanuel's barrage. But the mood has completely gone. I still don't know why it happened.”

“The atmosphere has gone… … .”

If they were able to change the atmosphere of the battlefield at will in a person-to-person battle, it meant that their skills were much better than expected.

However, there is no reason why Amy's eyesight cannot see through what she is hiding. That's why Amy is also confused.

'It's not just a camouflage tactic. There is something undisclosed. Perhaps the subject... … .'

Fermi, the first in the graduating class.

You can completely hide your allies' skills, or you can dramatically improve your allies' skills.

I don't know which method to use, but it was clear that I could do one of two things.

“Hmm, it seems that I was pushed out of power after all. Then there is no excuse. Somehow Master Olivia didn't step forward."

Amy shook her head.

Of course, I have no intention of making excuses for defeat. However, it was not because of lack of skill that he was eliminated.

Had it been a normal confrontation, at least the neutral factions would have been able to make it to the final 10 if they hadn't been swayed by Fermi.

“If the rules are like that, I don’t want to argue. But compared to the contestants, my skills were by no means inferior. I'm not saying that Sanuel should have suffered instead of me. If Fermi can control the flow of the battlefield, anyone who is targeted will have no choice but to fall.”

Dante blinked his eyes in surprise. Judging by the look on Amy's expression, she said that she meant it.

“I admit that it can be unfair. But the opponent ended up like that, right? So, isn’t it an accurate expression to say that I was pushed out of my power?”

Amy put down her juice glass and sighed.

“Haa, I keep not understanding… … .”

“No, I fully understand. Fermi's group controlled the flow of the battlefield, and everyone targeted you.”

"So you're saying it's my fault? why? Because I'm usually unlucky? Or because I look the most comfortable?”

“Don’t be so excited… … .”

“I don’t look excited!”

Amy hit the table and got up. The eyes of the people in her cafe were on her.

Conscious of them, Amy quietly sat down. But her face was still flushed.

“Okay, since one’s thoughts are free. But I struggled for a year in my senior year and took the exam. Dante If you were in the same situation as me, would you say the same thing?”

Dante did not answer.

Of course, his thoughts did not change.

However, it seemed that even if I tried to piss her off, she wouldn't get a cold answer.

'… … Although I think that.'

Dante is a wizard. And Amy was also a wizard. Hiding the truth because of emotions was not suitable for either.

“Don’t be silly, Amy.”

Anger welled up in Amy's eyes.

“Are you stupid? I?"

“Okay, then shall we ask Sirone? What do you think of the results of this graduation exam?”

When Amy turned around, Sirone swallowed dryly. No matter what she said, he wouldn't like Amy.

“Sirone, do you think so too? Am I fooling around like Dante said?”

“Uh, there… … well? I am… … .”

“Tell me honestly. I acknowledge Dante's ability and I acknowledge you too. If two people are looking at me like that, that's right. What I want to know is the exact truth.”

Amy was sincere.

As a student majoring in magic, I wasn't weak enough to be comforted by the lies I was told.

Above all, believe in yourself.

It wasn't because I was weak or because my skills were lacking that I failed the graduation exam.

Sirone mumbled, unable to bear the weight of the silence, and spoke out with difficulty.

“It is true that it was a morally wrong test. But no matter what happens... … I think a wizard should be able to win.”

Amy lost all strength in her body.

If even Sirone said that, there was a high probability that he was mistaken.

But my heart couldn't accept it.

'A fool? I?'

I have never been lazy while studying magic. He prided himself on fighting harder than anyone else.

But are you stupid?

More than anything, what makes the billions collapse is that their judgment, which they do not even understand, is highly likely to be true.

said Dante.

“Of course you are strong. The ability to rise to 5th place in the graduating class in one year is an undeniable fact.”

Amy's gaze slowly turned to Dante.

“But strictly speaking, it is because you are so talented.”

"Talent… … say?”

“Currently, Alpheas Magic School has students who are as good as the Royal Magic School. Iruki as a Servant, Nade of alchemy, Arin of ultra-lightness, Canis who handles magic creatures, Sirone who is an unlocker, and me who uses the central arithmetic magic circle. Of course, Sabina and Closer are also tough. Boil of summoning magic and Pandora of scent magic also have one specialized talent.”

Amy was silently listening to Dante.

“But from my point of view, if I were to rank them based on what they were born with… … .”

Dante took a sip of his coffee and pointed at Amy.

“It is you. Amy, you are the best at Alpheas Magic School.”

Amy wasn't happy.

I still couldn't figure out what Dante was trying to say.

---------------------------------------