[267] Kazura Kingdom (4)

Sirone opened the window and looked around.

It was a deep forest, and only the torches in the coachman's seats were illuminating the road ahead. The gloomy tree shadows galloped in the opposite direction. It was fortunate that the full moon had risen. However, a cloud came from somewhere and covered even that.

Sirone's sorrow deepened.

At some point, the wagon started moving slowly and stopped moving. 

The roar of the horse rang through the quiet night air.

The coachman opened the door and whispered.

“Laina-sama, we have arrived at the rendezvous point.”

Reina put on a hooded cloak. The others did the same and got out of the wagon, covering their faces with hoods.

The place they arrived at was a vast wasteland with a view of the horizon. When Sirone drew a map in her head and imagined it, it seemed to be somewhere in the Plateau of Dawn in the north of Tormia.

I definitely thought it was thorough. It was extremely difficult to attempt an assassination in the open wasteland.

Of course, if you set your mind to it, you can dig a tunnel, but if you think about it, there is no end to it.

The meeting place was 300 meters away from where they arrived, and the leader of the Kazura Kingdom could be seen in silhouette from a distance.

Louis, the butler of the Ogent family, sent a hand signal.

When Reina exchanged passwords in the same way, the two teams finally met at the halfway point.

Louis, who had approached with a torch, bowed his head to Sirone and the others.

"welcome. I was waiting.”

“I’ve been struggling all this time. I heard that the admission process is proceeding without a hitch.”

"yes. I couldn't detect any disturbing movements. But it's something you can't be sure of. let's get on I will explain as we go.”

Sirone's party followed Louis. The huge carriage I saw at Alpheas Magic School was waiting.

A man named Godin, the captain of the escort, introduced himself.

“My name is Ruzen Godin, who will serve Sirone, the candidate for the first prince. You know the situation, so you may be anxious, but there is no need to worry. He has built an escort of the best in the kingdom, so he should be able to safely arrive at the castle. Then get on.”

A soldier with a silver sword opened the carriage door.

Sirone was surprised before even entering. The light-emitting crystal ball was attached to the ceiling, so the interior of the carriage was as bright as daylight. In addition, it was equipped with a bed as well as equipment to do yoga.

“Since they are precious people, you may not be satisfied with them, but please be patient with them. I will take you to the royal castle right away.”

As soon as Sirone boarded the carriage, she lay down on the bed. It was a bed to lie down on every day, but it was unfamiliar just because it was in a carriage.

"haha! Amy, this is so much fun.”

Amy sat on the other side of the bed and smiled.

“It’s called the house wagon. It even has a shock absorber, so it can withstand a 10-hour journey without any problems. It is said that the maintenance cost is enormous, but as expected, the royal family is different.”

said Rayna.

“But the movement speed is inevitably reduced. Rather, it might be safer to arrive quickly. Anyway, we should be fully prepared.”

Amy raised her hand.

“I will keep the vigil. It's okay for wizards to stay awake for a day or so.”

Sirone shook her head.

“No, then let’s take turns standing with me.”

"it's okay. You'll be crazy as soon as you arrive, so take a break now."

Even if there is an escort, don't be careless. Someone had to protect the group. In Amy's opinion, she was the right person. That said, it didn't make sense that Sirone's parents were up all night.

Reina frowned as if in displeasure.

“What are you ignoring? I can do schema too! I even stayed up a few nights while taking apprenticeship lessons. I'd rather have 3 people take turns. Since we don’t know the situation in the castle, it wouldn’t be good for one person to get tired first.”

Even Amy thought it was the right thing to say, so she followed it without muttering. Even though Vincent and Olina asked to be included, ordinary people couldn't stay up all night riding in a wagon for 24 hours.

"Rest well. If you're tired already, that's even worse."

Vincent and Olina had no choice but to lie on the bed. However, I fell asleep quickly, as if there was no business to beat the fatigue.

The remaining one bed was to be occupied by three people in turn.

Reina and Amy can sleep together, but Sirone can't sleep with women, so she leans against the wall to sleep.

how much time has passed,

I fell asleep after seeing Rayna stay on the watch, but Amy came over and woke me up.

"Sirone, if you're tired, can I stand still?"

Sirone blinked and opened her eyes without even making any preliminary movements. His own turn means that 4 hours have passed.

My mind was clear as never before, and my body was not tired. He seemed to know why nobles paid a lot of money to buy luxurious wagons.

"no. are you okay. sleep some more Did anything happen?"

"huh. It's unsettlingly quiet. You can listen to what the soldiers say, but they don't say a word because they're wary of the schema.”

Sirone nodded and moved to the center of the carriage.

"okay. Thanks, Amy.”

“Thank you.”

Amy crawled next to Raina to catch a glimpse of her eyes. 

Then, she suddenly remembered something and looked back at Sirone in a prone position.

Sirone burst into laughter at the sight of her reminiscent of a cat.

"why? Can't you sleep?"

“Oh, and yes… … .”

Amy wiggled her horse's tail.

Ever since the envoy from Kazura Kingdom came to visit, there was something that always stuck in my mind.

“Sirone, if you become royalty… … .”

Amy asked as if making up her mind.

"You're not going to learn magic, are you?"

"huh?"

“That’s right. From then on, I will be the first prince. Of course, you will have to take the heir class, and then you won't have time to learn magic.”

Sirone laughed.

Have you ever been thinking like that?

Well, lately I've been too busy to look back at myself, so I haven't been able to pay attention to other people's thoughts.

“Amy, I will not be a prince.”

Amy's eyes widened.

"What are you talking about? Are you sure you want to run away?”

"If that's your last resort, you'll have to run away. But I'll convince you not to. Even if they are the ones who gave birth to me, I only have two parents. The reason I go to the royal castle is not to become an heir. to convey my will. I'll come back home, and I'll go to magic school. and… … .”

Sirone hesitated for a moment before summoning up the courage to speak.

“Because I will definitely keep the promise I made with you.”

“Sirone… … .”

Amy was touched, but at the same time worried. 

Until now, Sirone had gone through life according to her beliefs and it worked, but this time the opponent was different.

The royal family is not as rational as Sirone thought, but they are not swayed by emotions either.

Royals are intuitive beings.

Those who hold the world in their hands and shake it think only of simple judgments of whether or not to do something.

However, it is bound to evolve excellently when it reaches the level of a king, so that simple choice either advances or regresses history.

It was utterly impossible to reverse such a person's way of thinking with words.

Still, Amy didn't say anything.

It was because he wanted to keep the afterglow of Sirone's last words in the carriage for as long as possible.

“See you later, Sirone.”

Amy lay next to Rayna and took a short nap.

@

Reina woke everyone up with a whispering voice.

"wake up. I think we have arrived at the royal castle.”

Amy rubbed her sleepy eyes and stood up. She looked through the crack outside the window and saw that it was still before dawn.

However, the carriage did not shake any more, and the sound of the horses' hooves could be heard as if it were running on a stone-paved road.

Sirone opened the window and looked outside. It was dark, so I couldn't see details, but buildings were passing by. came into the city But not a single house had a light on.

A soldier on horseback approached and said to Sirone.

"sorry. It's night inspection, so you can't look outside. I will close the window.”

The guard slammed the window shut. 

Sirone licked his lips and looked back. Reina and Amy also had absurd expressions.

Amy pursed her lips.

"tooth! When you enter the royal castle, people suddenly change.”

“I can't be certain. It's the first time he's talking to us. It is a matter to be judged carefully.”

Sirone also thought Reina's way of thinking was correct. 

From now on, it's a tightrope ride. A minor misunderstanding or misunderstanding could endanger everyone.

By the time I entered the inner sanctuary, it was dawn. An escort soldier knocked on the carriage and announced that it was free to look around.

Sirone felt the foreignness of the foreign country. It seemed that he was not allowed to go out at night, not even to spy on him.

'It's definitely more rigid than Tormia. I should always be thinking.'

The carriage passed through the large moat surrounding the royal castle and entered the castle. 

The Khazra Castle was not as beautiful as the buildings in Heaven, but it was enormous in scale.

Halfway through the bridge, fanfare rang out. 

The military band appeared, and all the lower-ranking officials of the royal castle came out and greeted them with applause.

At the unexpected hospitality, Sirone turned to Reina.

“How did this happen?”

"I know. I didn't expect it to be openly welcomed.”

It was definitely strange even for Reina to think. 

If it was Kazura Kingdom that grew up under Theraje's protection, the presence of Sirone would surely be a thorn in the side of the Empress' faction.

'However, there was no other incident, let alone an assassination. Besides, this level of hospitality... … .'

Realistically, there were only two things I could think of.

The Orcamp side is also putting their life and death on Sirone's work this time, or rather, Therase side doesn't even snort.

Since both the former and the latter are possible, it was not possible to conclude which one was more certain.

I checked Sirone's expression, but he was calm.

This situation must have been more tense than anyone else, but once they arrived at the castle, the anxiety they felt when they left was completely gone. Also, this was Sirone's strength that Reina admired.

It was the same with the Ogent family. He is usually a naive boy like any other boy of his age, but when danger comes, he becomes as cold as a lie.

'but… … Now I'm aspiring to be the best wizard in the kingdom.'

The essence of Sirone is the same, but everything that makes up him is different from before. After reading an article about Sirone in Spirit magazine, Reina asked a wizard she knew what an unlocker was.

It is said to be the greatest state of mind that humans can attain.

When I met him after knowing that fact, I couldn't just look at Sirone as a child like before.

Kazura Castle is a building of about 20,000 pyeong, and the number of residents was about 1,000. 

It was a combative design rather than splendid, so the entrance was narrower than any other castle.

However, upon entering, a grand hall unfolded that was so huge that one could immediately feel that it was a royal castle.

Past the red carpet where high officials stood in order of seniority, there was a throne on the stairs, where Orkamp IV sat.

It's not polite to look directly into the king's face, but Sirone and the others couldn't take their eyes off him.

She had the same blonde hair as Sirone, and had a graceful impression that made it hard to believe that she was the ruler of a country. However, the energy radiating from his body was unusual.

No matter how much a king is, he is only the same person under the sky, but the person who holds millions of lives is definitely something different.

'That person... … .'

If you put Orkamp and Sirone side by side, you could think of them as father and son.

It didn't feel like a routine, but since we've been apart for 18 years, we had to think about the difference in environment.

Sirone and the others held a ceremony according to the law.

However, Orkamp didn't even show a reaction, only staring at Sirone's face.

“Raise your head.”

Sirone met Orkamp's eyes.

The king's eyes were sucked in and shook his heartstrings. It was the aura of a monarch that could not be felt from a swordsman or wizard.

However, he soon regained his composure and returned to his calm state. It was the state of Geumgangtae, which was not shaken by the will of others.

Orkamp's eyes brightened in surprise.

'Is he really my son... … .'

---------------------------------------