[152] Forced Breakthrough (7)

The captain had his eyes popping out. To think that even the most siege weapons could break through the impervious iron gate.

"shit! Hit it with direct fire!”

An instruction close to a temporary measure was given. Since the gates had already been breached, if they couldn't block it here, the tide of battle would turn sharply to their side.

The subordinates who knew that fact also aimed at Sirone and pulled the string.

"launch!"

Forty magic bullets, which were fired with all their might, flew towards Sirone's surroundings.

Seeing the rapidly rushing arrows, Sirone did not move. This is because the radius of instant movement alone cannot escape the explosion range.

However, when it comes to space travel, the story is different.

The moment the forty arrows fell, Sirone's body turned into a flash of light and soared into the sky.

Hey hey hey!

As soon as the noise of space movement spread, a powerful bombardment devastated the place where Sirone had been.

Tess watched the bombing devastatedly. Listening to the sound of thunder echoing through the valley made me feel as if I was standing in the center of a battlefield.

“Sirone… … .”

The scale of the explosion was enormous and the binge drinking was enough to shake the mind. That's why no one knew that Sirone had cast space movement.

However, Amy was an exception. It is said that the sound of arrows flying is the clearest for archers, and the sound of clashing swords is the clearest for swordsmen.

So even in the roar of the explosion, Amy, the sorceress, could clearly hear the unique sound of space movement.

“Sirone is fine. Let us go in too.”

Amy moved forward, cutting through the smoke. As expected, after leaving the bombardment point, I saw Sirone standing in front of the castle gate.

Space movement causes light to bend. Therefore, the appearance of flashes of light shooting up into the sky was an optical illusion.

In reality, Sirone was not soaring into the sky, but a phenomenon in which space was bending.

Moreover, such an illusion can only be observed from a long distance, and it was normal to feel as if it just suddenly disappeared when viewed from a close distance.

This was the reason why wizards discriminated whether or not the space movement had been cast by sound.

“Puhahaha! finished! It's completely over!”

“You didn’t even leave a trace! There's nothing to be afraid of now Guys, everyone prepare to charge!”

Falcoa's men put down their bows and gathered their weapons. The wizard who showed the most threatening power is dead  There was nothing to be afraid of anymore.

Tess, watching that, tilted her head. Obviously, Sirone was standing in front of the iron gate like a grim reaper, but the enemies were rather cheering.

“What, why are they like that?”

“I didn't hear the noise of teleportation like you. They seem to think Sirone is dead.”

It didn't take long for Falcoa's men to correct their mistake.

Everyone was surprised as if they had seen a ghost as Sirone slowly retreated and appeared outside the square of the castle wall.

“Joe, Captain! excuse me… … !”

The captain's face turned red. Sirone, who must have been dismembered by the bombardment, was looking up at the castle wall proudly.

“You, you bastard!”

Before launching a full-scale siege, Sirone decided to give the enemy one last chance.

“Free Jis's sister. Then we will return from here.”

The captain stared blankly at Sirone. You're going to leave this mess and go back? where do you go back Do you know what kind of amusement park admission fee is here?

“Do you think you will return alive? The true value of siege warfare began when the castle gate was breached. Do you know how much the magic circle you broke is worth? It's money you can't repay with your life. I will torment you until you beg me to kill you.”

“I don’t want to have a fight with no more costume meaning. You were wrong from the start. So, I want you to finish it at this point.”

“Puhahaha! what? want to finish? do you know who we are It is a parrot mercenary that lives and dies on the battlefield! Guys, let's go! Slaughter thoroughly!”

“Aaaaaaaaa!”

The soldiers raised their swords and shouted excitedly.

When they couldn't communicate, Sirone sighed and walked to the blind spot of the castle wall.

“Thank you for coming in on your own! Guys, get down right now... … huh?"

At that moment, the captain stopped talking. In an instant, a scene passed through my mind. 

It was a strange magic that shattered the falling rocks from the top of the valley into powder. Can you really say that the walls here are harder than rocks?

“Oh, hey, wait… … !”

The captain ran to the stairs and inspected the castle gate. As expected, Sirone dug into the hole in the iron door and was lowering his fist.

“Hey, hey, man, are you kidding me? I hope you... … .”

The captain's voice trembled with fear. It felt like my brain was going blank.

"hey! don't do it! Do you know how hard this wall was made? hey!"

Sirone finished warming up her magic and glanced back at the captain standing on the landing.

When he met those eyes, the leader finally realized that he had already made a decision.

"damage! Everyone jump!”

As the leader shouted as he climbed the stairs, Sirone murmured softly.

“Broad.”

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!

A 20-meter-diameter beam pulsed at a rate of 15 beats per second. As the walls shook as if an earthquake had occurred, Falcoa's men lost their balance and collapsed.

As expected, the durability was considerable because it was a huge structure. However, Sirone did not stop berserk. After all, there is a limit to the durability of matter. It was a law of physics that if you knocked it until it broke, it would eventually break.

The iron gate made a clattering noise, as if struck with a hammer, and cracks raced in the walls like lightning.

The cracks branched out in succession and penetrated the entire wall until the ground began to shake and show signs of collapse.

The leader was out of his mind. 

He was a veteran and had quite a bit of experience in siege warfare, but even if the castle gates had been destroyed, it was the first time he had ever tried an ignorant strategy to destroy the castle itself.

“Aaaaaa! okay! we lost! stop!"

The captain screamed, but the photon containing the mass pounded the castle as a percussion instrument, so the voice could not spread even one meter.

'shit! I can't do this!'

This was really dangerous. 

If the castle collapsed at this rate, what would happen to the lives of the 40 people was a matter that could only be left up to God.

“Aww!”

Sirone wrinkled his nose and focused on the wide range. He was blasting everything around him outward in a uniform rhythm with no acceleration or deceleration.

Tess was watching the scene in a daze from the spot where she could see the castle wall at a glance.

First part of the wall's core was destroyed, then hysterical cracks spread along the wall. The left side seemed to sink slightly, but this time the right side sat down as if balancing.

And finally... … .

Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

The entire castle collapsed.

"oh my god… … . Isn’t that just a human weapon?”

Ryan also agreed with Tess' sentiment. Until now, Sirone had a strong tendency to use magic to protect someone.

When he really decided to break something, he realized how different the results could be even with the same magic.

“Surely great. It seems that I didn't know Sirone properly either.”

Amy smiled and agreed. It was clear that battles were not the mage's everything, but it was his pride.

“Because Sirone doesn't work too hard. However, if you put your mind to it, your fighting ability itself is also very good. This should be enough for her to rank high in her graduating class.”

Tess put out a laugh. She seemed to know what Amy was talking about.

'As expected, I was paying attention without realizing it. After all, the outside and the inside are different.'

Amy was genuinely happy with Sirone's growth. At the same rate as now, maybe graduating with Shirone might not be a dream.

'You followed me, Sirone.'

When the broadside ended, the castle wall had completely collapsed. The wall built on the valley side was at least in shape, but the center collapsed as if a huge rock had rolled away.

“Turn it off… … .”

The soldiers buried in the stones groaned and wriggled.

Not a single perfect person was seen. The captain who stopped Sirone was also unable to avoid the collapse of the castle wall, and his arm was broken.

But he was so devastated that he couldn't even feel the pain.

For five years, the hardships of building a hideout in the north passed by like a kaleidoscope.

"Nonsense. Destroying only one person? The parrot mercenary?”

The captain turned his head in surprise at the sound of Sirone's approaching footsteps. Facing Sirone's intense gaze, an irrepressible fear soared.

“Bring Jis's sister right now! Otherwise, I won't let you go!”

“Hee!”

The captain hid his face without realizing it. Then his broken arm fell like a pendulum and wobbled before his eyes.

“Turn it off… … !”

The captain, who discovered his bizarrely bent arm, rolled his eyes and passed out.

Sirone's group.

Pass through the 1st gateway.

* * *

"wow. That's great, Sirone.”

Marsha was watching the battle of Sirone from 200 meters away from the wall.

The figure of her sitting on the floor with a handkerchief was leisurely like a girl on a picnic.

It's sad what happened to his subordinates. But isn't it a mercenary to live with that sadness as well? She was the one who was tricked by the politicians and lost hundreds of people.

“He was so strong and fooled people. No, was it because you were strong that you were free?”

I knew he was a child with a talent for magic, but I didn't expect him to show such an active performance.

The most impressive part in particular was that all of Sirone's magic was applied in its own battery.

'Unlocker... … .'

Marsha was in a good mood.

I liked that Sirone was a strong person, and I also liked that he was a pretentious person who tried to cover up the pain of others.

Most exciting of all was the fact that sooner or later such an innocent and beautiful boy would become a mule in his hands.

"You're 10 years away from me, kid."

Marsha stretched out and rose from her seat. Her bracelets glowed intensely, and in an instant she flung her body to the cliffs to the north.

Second Encounter (1)

Sirone and the others continued heading north. No battle took place as most of Falcoa's men were wounded at the first gateway.

“This way.”

It was up to Amy to find her way through the woods.

It's easy to lose your sense of direction when you lose your mind and run in a natural maze. 

But that common sense didn't work for Amy. Tess, who followed her, realized that Amy had the talent to stand out in her espionage warfare.

'indeed. The red face can also be used in this way.'

Amy's self-image memory perfectly restores the state at a specific point in time. Therefore, as long as she did not lose consciousness, she could pinpoint the exact direction no matter where she was transported.

“Amy, there is a mountain road over there.”

Upon hearing Sirone's words, Amy turned and left the forest.

A winding mountain road ran into the top of the plateau.

Tess checked the condition of the ground. It seems that quite a bit of time has passed, but there are traces of the wagon passing by.

“From here on, it’s their living quarters. In terms of siege warfare, does it mean that we have entered the castle?"

It was a welcome sound to those who were tired of running in the forest.

However, it was still not a situation to be relieved of. Most of the troops were destroyed, but those who were called executives did not even show off their noses.

“If you follow this road, you will find a hideout. Let’s try harder.”

Amy said it conclusively, but she wasn't really sure. She spoke only out of a sense of her mission to motivate her friends as her leader.

If you add up the movement of the battle and the distance of the curve recorded in your current self-image memory, you have moved about 12 kilometers from the start of the battle. Converted to a straight line, it would have advanced more than 7 kilometers on the map.

---------------------------------------