[626] Magic of Banya (3)

A white glow engulfed the Colosseum, leaving the audience unable to confirm anything.

Only the analysts connected to the main system were watching the battlefield through codes.

“That is Ataraxia.”

It was a wide-range ejection magic that was the symbol of Sirone, to the extent that it was even introduced in Spirit magazine.

“What is the impact?”

“About 18 million crashes.”

It was a whopping 7 times higher than the photon cannons of Ataraxia's bullet system, but the number was no longer surprising.

The flash disappeared and the eyes of the audience moved busily to inspect the battlefield of the huge Colosseum.

“Ambiguous.”

Most of the participants gathered at the end of the Colosseum, and only Eden was spreading the Absolute Barrier in the center.

“Huh!”

She had once blocked Ataraxia's Photon Cannon in Scramble Royale, but she hadn't been pushed back 2,000 times.

“I went into orthodoxy.”

He succeeded in splitting the high-output mass waves using his own body as a blade, but it was not enough to withstand the shock.

“Check the parameters.”

“Spirit level dropped by 2 percent. It was close. It's a pity from Sirone's point of view.”

"no. I think I knew.”

As soon as Baikal finished speaking, Sirone moved forward and fired a photon cannon.

'No one is weak.'

It is not obsessed with fighting the whole thing, and only puts all its energy into defeating the enemy in front of it.

'Depart from Eden!'

Stepping up like that was the only way to the top of the pyramid.

“Huh!”

Eden, who had opened a local shield, tilted the angle, and the photon cannon's flash bounced diagonally.

“It is a good choice. Lowering the slope has the same effect as increasing the thickness of the shield.”

'then… … !'

Watching the rushing participants from behind Eden, Sirone compressed the photon cannon in her right hand.

“Yaaaaa!”

The sphere of light, which had been shaken enough to exceed the realm of vibration, stretched out through the magical action.

“Projectile speed 400 meters per second!”

Eden's head rang as the photon cannon flew at a speed exceeding the speed of sound and crashed into the shield again.

“Keugh!”

If they collide at this speed, the impact is not dispersed and concentrated at the point no matter how inclined it is.

“Eden! Attack!”

Eden opened his arms as Sirone, who had cast teleportation, jumped into his arms and fired a photon cannon.

“I lost, Sirone.”

A powerful shock hit the brain, and the red light came on in Eden's bracelet where the Spirit Zone disappeared.

-Participation number 25. 2,000 broke away from the system.

Sirone's voice was heard in Eden's ears as he collapsed with all his weight on Sirone's shoulders.

"great job."

Her eyes slithered shut.

"thank you."

A devout follower of the Jordanian religion, Eden would be recorded as not resorting to violence until the very last moment.

“Get it done now! Not twice!”

If Sirone were to open Ataraxia again, there would be no choice but to drop out one after another.

Sirone kicked off the ground towards the participants running from the end of the Colosseum.

An unconscious Eden fell to the floor, and a single flash of light reached the center of the 26 people.

"I'm going to try to the end!"

As Boyle cast Sergeant, a blue-skinned Gaos with bluish electricity appeared.

"Ohh?"

Numerous spines sprouted along its spine, and instead of a tube-like tongue, there was a gun barrel-like hole pierced inside its jaw.

“I see a change in function. It’s a dream.”

Mongsa, which transforms the form of a creature and changes its function, boasted an extremely difficult level of difficulty among the bosses.

"It's the first time I've seen it in the graduation exam."

Instead of raising his tier, Boyle's choice to practice dreaming was only to pass the graduation exam.

"good! Gaos!”

Aaaaaa!

Gaos, who emits blue electricity, waved his claws, and Sirone teleported away.

“Now!”

In that place, Closer's interruption exploded and Sabina's wind cutter flew in.

Subsequently, all 36 prescribed magics reinforced with fire strike, ice wave, and suabi buffs were poured.

'Poetry of fire!'

The moment I distorted space-time and left the radius, the screamer's back kick, which flew in a flash of light, was stuck in the abdomen.

“Keugh!”

The air exploded with a bang, and Sirone's body flew away.

“It went right in!”

Since the Screamer's organ is a physical attack, not magic, it could instantly kill any wizard once caught.

“An increase in atmospheric pressure has been detected. It is an air shield.”

Although he escaped death by compressing the air in his abdomen, he was on the defensive enough to use magic, which was not his major.

"damn! what a waste!"

Conger rushed to the side where the screamer burst into anger, pulling out dozens of steel wires from between his palms.

'Sirone. It's pretty cute.'

Unlike her appearance, Konger is feminine, but like a steel wizard, her magic was at the height of ferocity.

“Death Fence.”

As she spread her arms from side to side, the wires spurted out like a stream of water and attacked Sirone.

If you get caught on a steel wire with sharp thorns sprouting every 10 cm, you will be crushed without a chance to use your hands.

“Huh!”

The steel wire passed through Sirone's abdomen, pulling her back as if it were bent.

“I avoided… … !”

'You can't avoid my love that much.'

The steel wires bent like hair burning in the heat and cut Sirone's arms and legs.

As the mental shock hit her brain, Arin cast the Shadow of Capture and restrained Sirone's body.

“Canis! Now!”

'The Power of Darkness.'

The saw blade-shaped darkness extending from Canis' shadow flew towards Sirone's neck.

“Big!”

Sirone, who destroyed Arin's magic with Geumgangtae's mental power, cast a berserker without even having time to dodge.

Puff puff puff puff!

The power of darkness fluttered like burnt paper, but a sneer lingered on Canis' lips.

“I knew it would.”

Book of Light and Darkness - Incarnation Reversal.

The size of the shadow outside the curtain of light swelled like a balloon, and then penetrated the width of the light.

'Have you penetrated the light?'

Sirone's body, struck by the power of darkness, was pushed to the end of the Colosseum, buried in the shadows.

'It's embarrassing to be this surprised. It's a technique prepared only to defeat you.'

“Isn’t that okay… … .”

As Sirone was pushed back one after another, sad exclamations leaked out from the audience one by one.

“Who are you to blame? It was self-inflicted.”

Emotions are the same as those of the audience, but Baikal as a scout still adheres to a sober judgment.

“It must have been the only option. admit that But now you have to admit that it's impossible.”

Elizabeth reported.

“The percentage figure has gone down to 7 percent. If we are not given time to recover, I think we will be eliminated as it is.”

“Goaaaaa!

Cayden, who transformed the cross sword, took the lead, and the other participants followed suit and equipped themselves with magic.

“What are you going to do now, Number 27? If you can't show me anything more here, your graduation exam is over.”

“Whoa!”

As Sirone exhaled and expanded the spirit zone, the eyes of the crowd gathered at the same time widened.

"what?"

Elizabeth read the change in the main system.

“It’s slow magic.”

The magic that slows down time using the acceleration of light is certainly wonderful, but photonization was the basic of the basics for wizards.

"joy! In the end, what’s left is leftovers!”

As soon as the photonization battery was installed, no matter who said it first, the slowed time returned to its original state in an instant.

'Sirone, Slo isn't for this kind of situation.'

It was a tactic that would only work for an ignorant gang of bandits, unless they were poking loopholes with an instant magic circle like Dante did.

"what?"

Suddenly the slo was released.

At the same time as the participants felt puzzled, the analysts in the VIP seats frowned with headaches.

“Huh!”

Baikal, who heard Elizabeth's moaning, spoke.

“Looks like you can’t adapt.”

The error caused by the explosion of the Buddha statue dealt a direct blow to the analyst's brain.

"That's the same, but this one is a little different."

“Different?”

“It is not time.”

Elizabeth couldn't find words to explain for a while.

“The space exists at the same time.

Sibulsangbombing-Force Dimension (fourth-dimensional battle space).

“What is this again?”

The participants rushing towards Sirone were stunned by the phenomenon unfolding in front of them and stopped in a hurry.

Twelve sirones stood in different postures with photon cannons floating above their hands.

“Illusion magic?”

The first sirone fired a flash of light, and photon cannons flew from all directions.

"damn!"

While each body was flying, Cayden bounced the light with his cross sword, and Dante's instant magic circle collided with tremendous power.

“Keugh!”

Just by looking at the faces of the defenders, the participants were able to guess what was happening here.

“It is not welcome.”

All 12 sirones were real.

“Is it possible?”

Elizabeth could not answer Baikal's question.

“This is not a matter for a single analyst to comment on. However, from a numerical point of view, it is believed that the time warping ability of No. 27 was implemented through spatial coordinates.”

The only person who could give a clear answer was Miro, who was the first to sense the ability to bomb the statue of Buddha.

'Time and space are inherently one system.'

When you activate Sibulsang Blast, numerous possibilities, including the past and future, are realized in golden demarcation.

'In that state, if we use the temporality of slow magic to add another dimension... … .'

Things that only existed as possibilities appear superimposed on the coordinates of reality.

In other words, it governs the 4-dimensional space, which is the same mechanism used by the Guffins to create the upper layer of Istas.

As the time period of the slow magic was consumed to maintain the force dimension, time passed normally, but now the problem was space.

"shit! Where is this!”

The feeling of intimidation when 26 people cornered one Sirone completely disappeared in the face of the reality of having to deal with 12 Sirone.

'I can fight more like this.'

The efficiency of the Force Dimension depends on the level of slow magic, and the area of ​​the 4-dimensional battle space currently dominated by Sirone has reached a sphere with a diameter of 20 meters.

It's a number that can't be called big or small, but at least everyone knew that fighting in this area was suicidal.

“Everyone get out of here!”

While all participants retreated towards the outskirts of the Force Dimension, 12 sirones searched for targets and blinked their eyes.

“The tide has turned!”

In the situation of retreating with victory in front of their eyes, Baikal was also speechless this time.

“Hwashinjutsu is not a measure of strength, but a measure of realization. So it's not like you can see the effect right away... … .”

Miro said while following Sirone's movements.

“It has the advantage of being graftable to all magic.”

'Now!'

Sirone gritted his teeth and cast a photon cannon.

4th dimensional combat formula - Quantum superposition (quantum superposition).

Then, 12 sirones overlapping reality in the space fired flashes at Boyle at the same time.

“Ouch!”

Concentrated shocks hit his back from all sides, sending Boyle's body to the ground in a massive shock.

-Participation number 17. 2,000 broke away from the system.

The participants who managed to get out of the Force Dimension stared blankly at the fallen Boyle.

Even under such circumstances, the 12 sirones were glaring at all the participants in the 4th dimension battle space.

'Damn it! How the hell are you going to beat a guy like that?'

In terms of having a headache, it was worse than Infercus, who simply ignorantly attacked in the first evaluation.

“All the skills learned in numerous situations are integrated into one incarnation of the Sibul statue explosion.”

Miro put her chin on her chin and gave a hearty smile.

“The magic of banya started from then.”

---------------------------------------