[671] Lord of Terror (2)

* * *

“It's on fire! It’s the Grassleaf Circus!”

Chagall, who was shopping at the market, threw away the luggage he was carrying and ran to the place where the circus tent was located.

“You scumbags!”

He toured all over the Märchen kingdom, but he hated the place where Chagall first met Raiden.

It was because the trio of troublemakers who had been harassing the circus troupe for a long time had grown into leaders of the gang, and they were aiming for Tia.

'no!'

He climbed the mountain in an instant with his genius athletic ability, but the flames were already burning.

'If something happened to Tia... … .'

Chagall shook his head.

'Just stay alive!'

A corpse was visible from outside the tent, and it was hopeful on the one hand that Raiden, the rapid-fire sword, had broken the taboo on killing.

“Captain! Tia!”

When the tent was wide open, a bloody map of hell spread out.

“T-Tia… … .”

Among dozens of corpses, Chagall immediately found Tia.

There were dozens of sheaths, and three leaders of a hateful mob were lying dead with their tongues stuck out next to them.

everyone is dead

Only one person, Raiden of the rapid-fire sword, climbed a high box and bowed his head.

I would have thought it was a corpse if I hadn't been wiggling my legs.

His face was bloody, his eyes drained of life.

“La Enemy.”

“Captain… … why?"

Did he even kill Tia?

“Captain!”

The moment Chagall shouted, Raiden raised his head as if he had come to his senses.

“La Enemy!”

Jumping out of the box, he rushed at Chagall, and the daggers rose of their own accord, as if drawn by the wind, and caught them in his hands.

As dozens of blades aimed at vital points at the same time, Chagall instinctively performed the same technique.

As the ownership of the dagger changed in real time, the master and the disciple unfolded the skill of their ignorant hands.

As Raiden called him a genius, Chagall's ability to operate as many as seven schemas is already unparalleled.

As the ownership of the dagger was completely transferred to Chagall, dozens of holes were pierced in Raiden's body.

"ha! ha!"

I couldn't even remember what happened.

Only the fear that Tia had died and that he had killed the leader who killed Tia lingered in his head.

“Huh!”

As he went mad, Raiden said.

“Forgive me.”

Chagall's head jerked.

“Why did you kill him? why… … why!"

“Forgive me.”

The words, which were once Chagall's convictions, now remain as the will of the director, whose meaning is unknown.

“Why eh eh!”

* * *

While everyone was struggling with Igor's fear, Sirone stood in a dark space.

Fear is an emotion that arises from imagining something that hasn't happened or not being able to turn a blind eye to something that has already happened.

None of this was true for Sirone, whose car reading was close to 90 percent.

So what appeared in front of him was fear itself, Igor.

“Carr, de Sumahem?”

Is it unique?

The meaning of Igor has been transmitted through the Ultima system.

“You can't overpower me. Please let us go now.”

"no."

Igor raised his spear.

“It is not unique.”

The spear of blue flame flew and landed on the spot where Sirone threw herself, and blue lightning spread in concentric circles.

'It would be dangerous if hit.'

When I took a long detour with teleportation and fired the photon cannon continuously, the body pierced by the flash melted away like smoke and quickly regained its original form.

'fear. Does that mean that ignoring it doesn't make it disappear?'

Before I knew it, a new spear was in Igor's hand, and as he swung his arm at great speed, blue flames filled Sirone's field of vision.

'Let's do this!'

Sirone flew up into the air and cast an angel's punishment, embodying the incarnation of a light angel.

The spears of light and blue flame crossed countless times.

The punishment of the angels poured down like a shower was enough to crush Igor in one blow, but each time, his body was endlessly restored.

'How are you going to get rid of it?'

The right arm, which was the first to be restored, threw endlessly.

'Poetry of fire!'

Igor's head tilted slightly as Sirone evaded thousands of spears rushing in like a tidal wave.

"I'm a bit enlightened."

"what?"

Like the plucking of a string, Igor's body lines vibrated and multiplied in numbers to fill the horizon.

“The fear is within you!”

Igor's space was filled with spears of blue flames.

In a situation where there was no place to evade, a spear directly hit Sirone's body.

“Big!”

As the electric shock spread, the will of fear bypassed 90% Kar and acted on 10% Humanity.

The horror is amazing... … .

'what?'

It was a memory from a very long time ago about Sirone's death.

'Ikael?'

Ikael was kneeling in Arabot, where Anchera resided, and numerous subjects were criticizing her.

The reason why no sound can be heard is that the subject with this memory cannot hear the sound.

It was the first time Sirone had seen her shed tears so sorrowfully.

It's not because you're being criticized.

With the spirit of an archangel, even death would not come as a terror to her.

'Why are you crying?'

Her sobbing face showed emotions that were very human, not an archangel.

It was maternal love.

Sirone burst into tears.

'Why are you crying!'

The subject of the memory was obviously Sirone himself, but it was a memory that was never contained in his head.

'Kariel!'

The man who had tormented Sirone from heaven looked down at him with an arrogant gaze and turned his head in disgust.

Suddenly, I had this thought.

'I am… … What condition is it?'

What kind of condition is it that no sound can be heard, all sights are open, and even the mouth is not open?

After a while, the triangular mara pushed its face.

A face resembling a lizard with red skin, flames were spewing from the long slit nostrils, but there was no feeling.

'What the hell am I!'

I couldn't see myself in any way.

As Mara slowly raised her upper body, the huge ax in her arms soared into the sky.

'This is my death?'

Fear began to set in as a death he had never experienced before seeped into his memory.

'Die!'

Sirone's life ended when the ax of the triangular Mara was thrust down.

At the same time, the body pierced by Igor's spear convulsed, and blue electricity spread in all directions.

“Aaaaaaa!”

fear!

Igor's fear ability created the cause by resurrecting the death of Sirone in a previous life that did not exist in his life.

This was exactly what La Enemie wanted, and his case tried to infiltrate Sirone's mind.

- You finally got it!

Just when the memories of the five senses were about to change Sirone's past, protrusions protruded from Armand's robes.

Small world creation!

As the memories of all five senses were blocked, Sirone's body fell into a dark space lit by small torches.

“Uhhh! Whoops!”

Just when I was trembling in fear that hadn't gone away, I heard the sound of sharpening a knife.

Wiping away tears, I looked up and saw a woman with fangs protruding from her lips, sharpening her sword on a whetstone.

“It is a pity, my lord. What a pity.”

'master?'

The torch was warm, and the fact that his senses had returned was a relief.

“Who are you?”

I guessed, but it was also true that I had no choice but to ask.

“I am sharpening my knife.”

Thinking that there was no answer, Sirone, who was approaching her, stopped walking.

The only thing illuminated by the light source was her face, and her body covered in darkness was a collection of all kinds of creatures tens of meters in size.

In the goosebumps, Sirone found familiar things.

Galtomic of the Jinmai type, Ringer of the carapaceous mineral type, and Akamai were clinging to it, and the image of the unconscious fallen angel Ikasa was also mixed up.

“I can be anyone.”

Just by raising her upper body, her face rose 10 meters high, and her right arm, the only human figure, aimed at a sword.

“Many beings embraced me and trampled on me. The same goes for you, Sirone.”

A mental assimilation is achieved, but Sirone holds the initiative to the end.

I couldn't even imagine how much pain it would be if it was a human-to-human union.

“It doesn’t matter. Because it's already committed. That's why I just accepted it when you put so many things into my body.”

“Uh, that… … .”

"are you okay. Because it's my last name. However, this is also fate.”

"What do you mean?"

“The only time I call my master is once in my life, when I take away the master's mind and body.”

Sirone slowly backed away.

“Are you going to kill me?”

“There is nowhere to run. Because this is me, it’s you.”

Oddly enough, it made sense.

“Tell me why.”

“I was overcome with fear. Every owner I've had to bear has been like that.”

“It didn’t break! You can still fight!”

“Even if I send it like this, I will die anyway, Sirone.”

The woman smiled sadly for a moment, then rushed towards Sirone, revealing a murderous intent.

“It was a short time, but it was fun.”

Realizing her true feelings, Sirone cast a photon cannon, but she easily swung her sword and bounced them off.

“It’s no use. You and I are one.”

I felt the past and the future of one second at the same time, but there was a woman everywhere.

'You're sharing my time equally.'

Even a second ago and a second later, the blade would pierce Sirone's head with precision and split his body in half.

In the face of absolute death taking place within the unified cognition, Sirone couldn't even dare to move.

'This is how it ends.'

It was rather easy to accept because there was no room for denial.

Ariane Sirone.

The moment the words carelessly engraved on her body shined, another name engraved on the inside came to mind.

'I can't die like this!'

The concept of Karmis Amy can come to mind because Ariane Sirone exists.

'Armand exists because I exist.'

As the concept corresponding to the number 2 of the law struck the brain along the path of insight, lightning flashed in the dark space.

“… … .”

The sword the woman wielded passed right through Sirone, and she slowly looked back at Sirone without showing any emotion.

“The cut is… … Is it me?”

sword of the senses.

Sirone and Armand, integrated into the Ultima System, were separated into two by the sword of existence and non-existence.

The woman who had penetrated Sirone walked over to the torchlight and began sharpening her sword again.

"good. I think I can live a little longer.”

“You don’t know how to get out?”

"lie. You already know, right?”

Sirone realized why he hesitated to leave.

"excuse me… … thank you And I'm sorry.”

It was sincere.

“I am not a being. It's a concept.”

The woman turned her head and smiled.

“I will swallow anything of you. Be strong.”

Feeling that even asking her identity would hurt, Sirone simply lowered her head and turned around.

If you leave this place, a terrible fear will await you, but you are no longer afraid.

'wait!'

Sirone's determined gaze aimed at the dreadlord behind the thin film.

Park Ji.

---------------------------------------