that winter (1)

Sirone and Minerva wandered all over the world, looking for traces of <Slaughter>.

“Target deprivation.”

said Minerva, sitting on the jet.

“When the user's intent to kill is reset, it's called changing the target. And when you destroy the dagger.”

Sirone took her word for it.

“‘The Law Killer’ reappears in front of the closest person capable of eliminating its target.”

“However, if the new user does not kill the target due to a change of heart, <Law Killing> will destroy itself and deprive the user.”

Even Sirone didn't know what happened after that.

“The killing intent of <Slaughter> is strong enough to twist the law. That's why the moment you can't kill it, it breaks. To put it in a human way, it was a tantrum.”

“Hate.”

"okay. When deprivation of the object occurs, the hatred of <Law Killing> is maximized. Even if Harbitz is out of the law, it will be a formidable match if it is <Math Murder> that is deprived of the target.” Sirone looked back. “Where will you be?”

“Target deprivation is the maximum value of <Music Killing> function. But the downside is that it doesn’t appear in front of people.”

“Then there is no way to find it.”

“It's hard, but it's not like finding a needle in the desert. If <Slaughter> had been born now... …

Minerva's eyes narrowed in sorrow.

“Because the area must have already been devastated.”

While Sirone's team was recovering <Math>, the Ex-Machina team went into final inspection.

Thousands of papers with algorithms were attached to the walls, and there were piles of papers on the tables.

“Alpha fish, or pilot fish, enter the aquarium first and create an environment for beta fish to live in.”

Iruki said while sorting out the paperwork.

“The fact that Abella has changed her mind means that Havitz has also accepted her.”

said Gudio, who was writing on the board.

“The strategy that a person born with the fate of a witch would be able to capture Havitz’s heart worked well.”

Iruki nodded.

“I don’t know how sincere Havitz is, but this will somehow bind you to the law.”

It was an alpha fish to create that environment.

“I lost Crouch in return, but… …

After a moment of condolences, Iruki put the last document in the safe and stood up.

“Now what we have to do is to create the best law to snipe Havitz until we can retrieve the <Math>.”

Agaya opened the door.

“They say that <Law Killing> in the state of object deprivation does not distort the law. Instead, it becomes the law itself.”

Gudio, Mays and Ness followed.

“In addition to the Gustav 4 skills, there are numerous bulletproof units and facilities protecting Habitz. As long as you live in Marsak, sniping is impossible.”

A fortress that cannot even be approached by non-alpha fish.

“It is our role to make gaps in the fortress.”

Finally, Iruki left the room and arrived at the Ex-Machina device in the basement.

'I will definitely find it, that gap.' The door opened, spewing out steam, and the five best Servants in the world entered.

Touhou, Moon Kingdom.

Moon, one of the Seven Kings, was the leader of the 7 Eastern Kingdoms, excluding the Jincheon Empire, and was at the forefront of magic.

“Ugh. Death, death is visible.”

At the entrance of Chiaksan Mountain, the hand holding the bell of the royal shaman trembled.

“I cannot climb. From now on, the only thing waiting for us is darkness deeper than the abyss.”

Chiaksan.

It was a mountain of heavenly blessing, where people had not lived since ancient times because of the steep mountain terrain, and vicious beasts guarded the place.

“Okay, let’s go quickly. I'm waiting for you in the back."

Minerva pointed to the soldiers of the Moon Kingdom that stretched behind her and said.

“Are you sure you want to go? Although I am a royal shaman, I cannot block this aura.”

Sirone looked up at the snow-covered mountains.

'This is Mr. Minerva's... …

When I first met Minerva, the killing spirit that seemed like I was going to lose my mind was dominating the mountain.

“So, if something like this had happened, shouldn’t we have reported it sooner rather than later? After all, kings.”

It was two months ago that disaster came to the Moon kingdom, but the kingdom decided against it for diplomatic reasons.

According to the rumors of the houses, the screams of demon beasts could be heard from the mountain every day.

“It must be the work of <Law Killing>.” Minerva stood next to Sirone.

“The grudge that didn’t kill the target of the murder is endlessly amplified and wipes out everything around it.”

There was no need to move the <Law Kill>, quite a few creatures would die just with the intent to kill.

“Once you go up. I need to check it out.”

Climbing the mountain along the path made by the wild beasts, Sirone discovered that many of the dead bodies of the beasts were piled up.

“They are all dead.”

Herbivorous animals such as rabbits and deer living on the mountainside were frozen and dead without a single wound.

“Wow! Whoa!”

The lowest-ranking soldiers started vomiting, and then the senior officers also vomited.

“We must stop here. I can't go any higher!”

The shaman warned again.

“Anyway, I’m weak and fall for it.”

They were also considered elite, but the energy of <Law Killing> that spread over the mountain belonged to Minerva.

“Wait here. Only me and Sirone go up.”

No one objected to Oh Dae-seong's instructions, and the two headed for the summit through the mid-slope.

"oh my god… …

In the field where even the grass died, the corpses of vicious monsters, goblins born of emotion, and monsters as huge as houses were visible.

“I fought back.”

Minerva's eyes, which had changed into a girl's form before she knew it, contained sorrowful emotions.

“First the grasses die, then the herbivores. When there was nothing more to kill, I roamed the mountains and drilled through whatever I came across.”

There were signs of penetration all over the body.

“Whether they have intelligence or not, they instinctively realized that if they couldn’t get rid of that sword that suddenly entered the mountain, they would all die. That's why I came all the way here after chasing <Slaughter>... …

The result was annihilation.

"That's the hatred I had for the world."

Just by looking at the scenery of Chiaksan Mountain, I could see how cruel Minerva's heart was.

"And now it's a fragment that can't be removed and still roams the world."

The place where the girl arrived was the top of the mountain, where <The Law> was printed like a print in the cold snow.

In an all-white world, only the surroundings of the sword shimmered in purple.

Minerva reached out and drew the dagger.

got it

"That's why I already gave it to you, but only I can retrieve the <Math> of object deprivation."

I found <Slaughter>.

“Miss Minerva… …

As Sirone moved to comfort her, a voice was heard from the other side of the mountain.

“You are late. Isn’t the tension relieved when the two busy Oh Dae-seongs go around together?”

Minerva frowned the moment she saw the man stepping on his eyes.

“Mahoro Amanta.” It was the one who turned the world wheel, the Five Stars of the Balance Department.

"It's the first time I've seen Sirone-kun. I should have congratulated you, but I'm really busy with work.”

Minerva returned to her adult form.

“Sirone-kun? They are definitely the same Oh Daesung. Also, isn’t Sirone the one with strong breath?”

Among the Five Great Stars, the person who was most comfortable singing Sirone was Minerva, but Amanta didn't care.

'The Five Stars of the Balance Department?'

His brown skin was shaved, and wrinkles were deeply engraved around his eyes, showing traces of three waves.

T-r-r-r-r-r-r!

When he clicked his middle finger, a small wheel-shaped world wheel spun between his thumb and index finger.

"so? What did Oh Dae-sung of the busy Balance Department come here for?”

“Now that Buddha is gone, there is no opposite of philanthropy. I was worried that I might be going too far.”

Minerva did not allow Sirone to intervene.

“Ojilap is as wide as the universe. no need to worry about that Because I am doing much better than you.”

“It doesn’t look like that to my eyes.

but."

T-r-r-r-r-r-r!

The wind-up sound was very annoying.

“Sirone-kun's philanthropy is only the aspirations of 'certain' people, and does not represent the entire world.”

Eventually, Sirone stepped out.

“Isn’t it okay if we can love each other without suffering?”

“Yes, no.”

Amanta was adamant.

“This world is just a 'background to live in', there are no rules on how to live.”

The Balance Department promotes all users in the world.

“Sirone-kun is a person with the ability to destroy time. Depending on whether it is used or not, it is a powerful force that can disrupt the order of the world. Therefore, your philanthropy is nothing more than a foul if the ball is not balanced.”

“You allowed me to abort.”

“The Buddha permitted the apostasy, but he did not support you. That is why I came out.”

Minerva asked.

"so? Are you even going to have a fight with us?”

“It’s about striking a balance.”

The world wheel broke away from Amanta's hand and flew rapidly towards Sirone.

“Sirone! damage!"

Minerva shouted, but Sirone, already angry, grabbed the wheel with her hands.

“Your argument is just an idea. I have no intention of giving up my thoughts.”

Amanta pointed to the sky and twirled her fingers.

“Wrong. It's not a thought to me. It just triggers the user protection program.”

“What is that… … ?”

“I am the one who realized the center of the universe.” That's why he was the one who obtained the authority to turn the world wheel without leaning anywhere.

“With that authority, I will seal your fraternity.”

“Sirone! Let go of the world wheel!”

Before Minerva could finish her words, the captured world wheel began to rotate at a tremendous speed.

“Keugh!”

Amanta sent Sirone away.

“No force can overcome the balance.”

Sirone's wrists twisted, her arms twisted, and finally her whole body, starting with her shoulders, began to rotate.

'It gets sucked in.'

Already, the whole body was twisted like laundry, and the whole world rotated along with the infinitely growing wheel.

As light and darkness intersect in front of my eyes, my mind began to go into confusion.

joy! red! joy! joy! joy!

When the sound of a huge blade spinning was heard, Sirone regained consciousness.

I was looking at the ceiling, where a metal fan over 200 meters in diameter was spinning.

“Why did you come here, representative of mankind?”

As the unknown language was decoded into Ultima, Sirone suddenly looked around.

It was a dome-shaped space with a wagon wheel pattern engraved on the inner wall.

“Where is this?”

The Terra Force priests surrounding 360 degrees spoke in unison.

“It is a prison of balance. A perfect containment space that restrains things that are out of balance in the universe.”

“How long?”

“You committed a breach of time. You cannot leave this place until Buddha appears in the world.”

“Please call Justice Terraforce.”

“It is the perfect isolation space. It is out of the law, and there is only you, the one who upsets the balance.”

Sirone sighed.

“You allowed me to abort.”

“We have a user protection program. All it does is isolate the error until system recovery is done.”

"No, I don't mean that... … Shirone shook her head and spoke again.

“Apostasy… … I said it was wrong.”

As the light of Yahweh rose above Sirone's head, the huge fan on the ceiling stopped moving.

'Reverse!'

As the speed of the fan, which rotated in the opposite direction, gradually increased, a halo of light was born.

"stop! If you break out of the Prison of Balance without permission... … !”

How did it go?

Since this was unprecedented, even the priests of Terraforce could not speak.

'Huh!'

As the scenery in front of her eyes changed, the world wheel rotating in reverse returned Shirone's body.

“What is this?”

Amanta's eyes shook in shock as Sirone threw the world wheel into the snow and clenched her teeth.

“How to jailbreak… …

Because the concept itself was confined, it was normal that even Yahweh could not escape.

"no way?"

Amanta suddenly realized.

'There is only one possible case.'

The system does not recognize hex as an error.