[781] Justice of Evil (3)

* * *

War broke out.

The Gustaf Empire, which had rapidly advanced to the capital of Cotria, was now on the verge of being captured by the enemy.

'Gustav Havitz.'

Sitting atop the spire of the imperial castle, Sirone looked at the night sky with sad eyes.

'It's atrocious.'

When I heard the news that the Gustav Empire had buried 70,000 citizens of the city of Pasippa alive, my eyes were dizzy.

Even the commanders did not come, and the captured women were said to have been sold into slavery to their own people.

'How can you wear a human mask... … .'

When Kotria falls, the gaze of the Gustav Empire, which has finished the crackdown, will be directed to the entire world.

“I need to find a way quickly.”

As Sirone muttered, Minerva flew up the spire in a jet.

“When did you come back?”

While the card gamers were looking for a way to kill Havitz, Sirone focused on sealing the altar.

“An hour ago. Near Aganos is almost blocked. How is the design of <Law Killing>? Are you making any progress?”

Minerva shook her head.

“I got the rough strands, but there are a lot of fine-tuned things to do. First of all, the amount of change in the law is too vast, and we have to approach the alpha and beta fish we are looking for carefully.”

Sirone said sullenly.

"okay."

“It’s getting clearer little by little. Just solve a few key issues and you can start moving right away.”

“Yes, please.”

Sirone prepared to leave Aganos.

“You haven’t forgotten, have you?”

Minerva asked.

“I'm staying in Kashan, so I'm taking care of the altar here. Keep in mind that the Crusade is a human organisation, and Uorin also uses you to advance her country's interests.”

“I know that much.”

Wu Lin is not pure.

With the ability of Mitochondrial Eve, she looks down on the world from the top, but she is still human.

The reason why he wanted to kill Havitz was that his atrocious temperament threatened Kashan's future.

'Whatever you think... … .'

After all, he was a person who lived for himself, so he couldn't be treated as simply as Nane or Miro.

“Nothing will change. Because I also don't want Havitz to ruin the world. The same goes for the altar.”

“I’m glad then”

Just as Minerva snorted, Gando surged from the bottom of the imperial castle, regurgitating lightning.

“The Empress is calling.”

Sirone, looking back at Minerva, raised her hand and emitted the light of Yahweh, and they disappeared in an instant.

“There was. I'm glad."

Upon arriving at Uorin's room, across from the people playing card games, there was an unfamiliar figure.

“That person… … ?”

“I am the envoy of the Republic of Korea. I entered Kashan through the temple's highest security channel. I don’t know Gustav.”

Because he already knew that he was on the brink of fall, he had a rough idea of ​​why the death god had come.

'But it must be irreversible already?'

The Republic of Korea's intention to ally with Gustav was thoroughly shattered by burying 70,000 people alive.

'Is it a feeling of grabbing at least a straw?'

As the collaborators of the Republic of Korea emerged above the surface, the temple also turned its back.

“Sit down for now. I'm running out of time, so I'll explain quickly."

Uorin delivered the Shinigami's words instead.

“To begin with, I will incorporate the Republic of Korea into the holy war again.”

Minerva asked.

“What do we get in return?”

Even if Uorin is the leader of the crusade, we cannot arbitrarily acknowledge a nation that tried to meddle with its enemies.

“Ancient weapons. I will provide the Ex-Machina to the temple.”

“… … Enough.”

Minerva was convinced, but Sirone, who did not know about the Ex-Machina, was still in doubt.

“Is it a weapon powerful enough to change the battlefield?”

“Maybe, maybe not.”

Ness, among the people playing the card game, said as Uorin handed over the floor to the majors.

“The Ex-Machina is an anti-legal weapon. Change the law within the radius. It is not certain, but there is a theory that the Archangel of Creation, Kariel, made it.”

Kariel disappeared.

“It's called a weapon, but it's more like an arithmetic device. Detect and analyze all the factors that a specific factor affects, and run the simulation until the desired result is obtained. Based on the results, we can revise and reapply the law.”

Mays said.

“For example, if I want to have pasta for dinner? Someone nearby needs to make pasta. So, for that person to think of making pasta? My wife will have to buy pasta ingredients from the market. Then, how about for my wife to buy pasta ingredients?”

Achaia said.

“By digging endlessly in this way, we can find the first factor we need to get the result we want. maybe that's absurd It could be because a man fell in the morning four kilometers from here.”

Gudio said.

“Of course, what the Ex-Machinas provide is only a simulation. But what if we induced the man to fall in the morning from four kilometers away based on that result?”

Sirone swallowed his saliva.

“We can print the desired result as it is at specific space-time coordinates. A painting that is only one of many possibilities. Tonight, Mais, eating pasta, a picture of the whole city with a view.”

That's why it's called an illness.

“It exceeds the capacity of the human brain.”

Gudio nodded.

“It's true that an angel is a genius, but it's impossible to make something like this without Cariel's level of creativity. In any case, with the Ex-Machina, our design becomes more perfect.”

Woorin intervened.

“The most likely theory is that the origins of the Ex-Machinas were created in battles with ancient Gaians. It must have been for the purpose of controlling their actions against Heaven... … .”

said Minerva.

“There are no Ex-Machinas found other than this. It may have been lost, but it may not have been mass-produced in the first place.”

“Production… … stopped?”

Sirone came up with a possibility.

"okay. If it's the latter, the Gaians have solved the Veron problem. You can get away from the law and change the future with your own will. I don't know if it was possible from the beginning or if it was reached... … .”

“It has been reached.”

If it was possible from the start, I wouldn't have made Kariel either.

“Eleventh sense, Ultima.”

A race that broke through the laws of the Ex-Machina against Ankera's resistance and established an integrated mental system.

'Gaia.'

They didn't know who they were, and they missed Sirone.

"by the way… … .”

Shirone, who had lost her mind, asked.

“No matter how great the power gap is, why are we being pushed helplessly when there is such an ancient weapon?”

the shinigami said

“Ex-Machinas are not omnipotent. There are three main reasons why we lost to Gustav.”

The Shinigami's fingers folded one by one.

“First, lack of manpower. As you may have heard of the functions of the Ex Machina, the performance is divided into thousands of different categories depending on the user. Originally, it was something that angels calculated. Without at least equivalent brain function, the moment you enter the device, you go insane.”

I didn't want to go in because that would be the case for sure.

“Second, the limits of the radius. The radius of the Ex-Machina is up to 200 kilometers, so wide that it is called a map weapon, but it can't even cover a quarter of the Republic of Korea. At least I had this to protect the capital. That’s why we are negotiating alliances like this.”

The Shinigami clenched his fists.

“Third, Total Military Vulcan. I don't know how that's possible, but whenever the Ex-Machina changes the law, it reacts almost instantly."

it was a crowd

“If we change, the other side changes too. Due to overloading each time, all 5 users of the Ex Machina died. Although there is a 2nd team, it should be said that they do not have the strength to fight when the 1st team is defeated.”

Revealing each country's inner circumstances meant that it was risking life and death for this alliance.

'The same applies to the temple. If the Balkans read the discipline, we also need the 5 most outstanding... … .'

Sirone raised his hand.

“Wait, 5 people?”

The Shinigami explained.

“Originally, it was a space for one angel, but it is a device that exceeds the amount of information that humans can process. So I connected the brains of four people in parallel, and connected the remaining one in series to make the final decision.”

As Sirone turned to the people playing the card game, Agaya shook her head.

“We're going into the parallel side. The balance of brain functions is important, but teamwork is important.”

Although they lost to Vulcan, they were undoubtedly the strongest four in terms of team.

"Then who's left?"

“The temple will find a good partner. The important thing is that we are the ones who are in a position to decide our opinions. If it's just a machine-like Servant that's good at arithmetic, there might be a few in each country... … .”

“It’s a matter of value judgment.”

Ness nodded.

“Environmental factors should be able to solve basic human emotions as an equation. We need the temperament of a gambler who can make a bet while his brain function is not inferior to ours. Creativity is also important.”

It was a very demanding condition.

“I'll leave it to the temple, but the first person that came to our mind was the Black Line's Snake. Now he joined Shion under his real name Sein. It would be possible with him.”

Sein's Cheolryun'an calculates both emotion and reason at the same time, but Uo-Lin put on a puzzled expression.

"I'll send an official letter asking for cooperation, but it'll probably be difficult to bring him in."

“Why? Shion would want to stop Habitz more than anything else, right?”

“Terraforce is no longer judging the apostasy, so the movement of heaven is unusual. Currently, Sein is enlisted in the Heaven defense line along the labyrinth. You will not be able to join us in this, which may take several months.”

It was a matter as important as Harvits, so even the people who played card games abandoned their lingering attachments.

“Ambiguous. Most Servants have weak emotions. What we need is not a great calculator, but a perfect gambler. But to find such a person... … .”

"there is."

Sirone's eyes trembled with excitement.

“Human emotions can be represented by equations… … .”

There is a bar where the movement of the hologram was designed by predicting the emotions of all students at Alpheas Magic School.

“Excellent computing power.”

When he emits electricity from his eyes, he can calculate all events in the city in 3 seconds.

“A gambler who is willing to take risks when necessary.”

He led Scrumble Royale to victory.

"that… … Is there anyone?”

While Minerva tilted her head, Uorin smiled meaningfully.

“Hmm, indeed… … That would be fun.”

Sirone, who was encouraged by those words, stood up from her seat and turned to Uorin.

“Can I recommend one person?”

She readily agreed.

“That is an honor. If it is a letter of recommendation from Yahweh, you will not be able to recklessly present an opposing opinion even in the temple.”

While Sirone smiled, the two pointed at each other and spat out at the same time.

“Mercodyne Iruki.”

---------------------------------------