[204] 2. The Age of Turbulence (4)

Lian received Cigna and Xd and examined them. Relying on someone else's weapon would hurt the prosecutor's pride, but Lian wasn't going to argue about that when his friend was in captivity.

"thank you. But I might handle it harshly.”

"are you okay. No, it doesn't matter if it breaks. Please save my sisters.”

Feope was lost in thought.

Just a little while ago, they were the subjects who were worried about their lifespan decreasing day by day.

But what about now? In order to crush the misfortune of others, each person was carrying a risk.

Why does the law control man?

Its population is maintained, its lifespan is controlled, and it cannot even go out of Heaven. What kind of danger is the increasing number of humans perceived by Ra as a danger?

“Are you really going?”

Feope couldn't understand herself asking such a thing.

Ever since I met Sirone, everything has changed. he was confused It was a lump of rock thrown to the surface of heaven.

“You know, I have no choice but to go. Thank you earlier. for avoiding a fight. Actually, I didn't want to fight with you either. It's like lightening the sins of Kanya and Lena, and I think we have something in common.”

Feope tried to ignore Sirone's words. I didn't want to hear that there was something in common. 

How can fairies and humans communicate?

“From now on, take good care of your subjects. If we return safely, then we can become closer.”

Sirone turned to face the unpredictable future.

Feope's small heart thumped. The figure of Sirone following the Norse was blurry, as if it were covered in fog.

“Then will you save me too?”

Sirone looked back at Peope. After her hesitation, she mustered up her courage to ask again.

“If I get caught, will you come to rescue me? therefore… … As long as we are friends.”

Sirone said with a friendly smile.

"of course."

Feope lowered her head. Is it natural? If so, Sirone will die.

He was walking towards death.

“Even if you go to District 1, you won’t be able to cross the Gate of Jebul. I have a way to save the girls. So I'll go with you."

Sirone's eyes widened.

He said there must be a way to save it. As of now, I couldn't even imagine how.

"Really? Can you really save it?”

“I can't say for sure. But if you go by yourself, you will surely die, so I will go with you.”

Sirone looked at Peope with a thrilled expression. Feofe, his face reddened, turned his head away in anger.

"joy! No need to think weird. I just felt a sense of responsibility to see this case through to the end.”

Lee Ki-rin calmly accepted the current situation.

It was against the law for the subjects to help Sirone and for Feope to be led by a human.

'Does it have to be like this in the end? No, if this is also a law that cannot be violated... … .'

Girin Lee, who made her decision, opened her mouth.

“Peope, come to me.”

Feope's shoulders twitched. Now that I see it, it was a situation where I made my own decision without the manager's permission.

Contrary to expectations, Lee Ki-rin did not get angry. Instead, she closed her eyes and relayed her memories to Feofe.

New information began to settle in Peope's head one after another.

"This… … ?”

“Peope, take my memories and go. It will help you move in jebul.”

Memory transfer between fairies is common, but the case of transfer from a higher sequence to a lower sequence has a special meaning. In other words, it was like a letter of appointment to perform duties on his behalf.

A leader of the 72nd class of fairies. Realizing the sincerity of the sky-like senior, Peo Pe recalled the image of herself full of complaints and dissatisfaction and lowered her head.

“I'm sorry, boss. For disappointing me again.”

“I have never been disappointed in you. You are a fairy born in a turbulent time in heaven. Everything that happens from now on will be different from the law you know. So you have to see everything with your own eyes and judge.”

Feope's eyes were wet with emotion. For the first time since he was born, he saw Gi-rin's smile.

“You have a tendency to be confused, but that is why you are a self-aware child. Remember that the spiral goes straight, looking in all directions. I believe you, Peope."

Feope wiped away her tears and nodded her head vigorously.

The fact that she was recognized by Lee Gi-rin increased her courage a hundredfold.

Sirone and the others left the plaza with Peope.

The portal controller arrived at the Norse building not far from the central square. 

The interior was as complicated as a maze, with magic circles drawn in each room and different spirits staying.

When I opened the iron door installed in the corner and entered, the spirit of light floated alone in the center of the dark room.

The controller approached and gently grabbed the elemental. As the spirit stopped moving, his arms began to glow white.

“If you use the power of the spirits, you can go all the way to Area 1 at once. But it takes time to gather emotions. It will take about five minutes.”

Having experienced it in purgatory, I didn't have any questions about it.

While waiting, Sirone looked at Peope, who was floating at eye level. He stuck out his small buttocks and waved his transparent wings.

Sirone raised her index finger and poked at her dainty ass.

Feope was startled and covered her hips with both hands.

"hey! what are you doing now?”

She was a one-year-old fairy, smaller than the palm of her hand, but still seemed to be a woman. She, of course, had no intention of making fun of her. Except for the part where her wings move, there was only one part left.

“Thank you for your help. Let's do well in the future. Thanks to you, I have hope.”

Feope pursed her lips. But he must have read Shirone's true heart and he turned back to the light.

The five minutes of waiting passed slowly. This phenomenon was also the relativity of time.

Canis asked Peope.

“A guy named Taboo, is he really dead? No, to be precise, is Mara a being that can be killed? Before he died, his son did that. If something goes wrong with humans, he will come back.”

Sirone also suddenly became curious. No, it was a key question. This is because if Mara is an entity that cannot be destroyed, the approach to combat must be different.

“Hmm, how do I explain this? Extinction is right, but not eternal death.”

“Please explain in an easy way.”

“Because Mara is an existence made up of the concept, even if you die, you will come back to life someday. In heaven they call it reset.”

“How long does it take to initialize?”

"It's not set in stone, but it won't be revived right away."

“If you kill, you die.”

“It doesn’t. But if we look at it from a different angle... … .”

"it's okay. You just need to know that right now.”

Canis thought of nothing but battle. To get Arin back, he has to become stronger than he is now.

I started a simulation to increase my mental power by 1 second. In magic school, it was a concept called sequence formula.

“Okay, think as you like.”

Feope waved her hand as if telling her to take care of herself.

Sirone thought it was important to get more information than the sequence formula. 

More than anything, there were still stories left unheard.

“You said there was a way to save your friends, right? How? Can I tell you now?”

Feope rested her chin on her head and was lost in thought.

To be honest, it was an operation with no guarantee of success. But it was far more realistic than running into the angels' abode unprotected.

“Rather than a method, there are people who love humans very much. I thought maybe I could help you guys.”

The controller announces that the ancient magic is ready to be cast.

After walking into the group of lights, Sirone couldn't control her curiosity and asked again.

"Really? Who is he?”

Peope said with a reverent heart.

“The chief of the angels, Archangel Ikael.”

A pillar of light ascended.

3. Eternal Ra (1)

After saying goodbye to the manager at the exit of Sharmain and walking for about 30 minutes, we arrived at the fortress wall where the tall tower of the 7th Heaven Arabot was visible.

Feope said that there would be women in the sixth thousand ancestral rites. It was because the virgin conception was made with the wine of life, and the person in charge of it was the archangel Kariel.

Sirone said.

“How do I get into jebul? There is no way to get through the gate.”

"that's right. So I'm going into Arabot.”

“How can I enter the place where the gods live when I can’t even worship Buddha?”

“That's why I'm getting help from Ikael-nim. He even served as the archangel, so he might let you in if you ask.”

“That is even weirder. Even if you are an archangel, you are a being in the 6th heaven, how can you open the gateway to the 7th heaven?”

"That's because Ikael-nim is currently staying in the 7th Heaven."

Sirone tilted her head. It was unexpected that the Archangel was in Arabot, leaving behind his district, Jebul.

“Is there something we don’t know about?”

"huh. Ikael-sama was stripped of his qualification as an archangel because of a certain sin. But her Ra loved her so much that instead of degrading her as a fallen angel, he exiled her to her Arabot.”

It was a rather shocking story. If you imagine the existence of God through experience so far, it was a harsh judge who put the law first.

It is strange that such a god made an exception, but the fact that he was exiled to Arabot instead of the second heaven was also strange.

“What kind of angel is this? What did he do?”

“I don’t know about that.”

"what? How could you not know? It would have been a huge issue if it had risen to the level of the archangel.”

“Perhaps it was. But we all forgot about it. All I know is that Ikael committed a great sin and is now exiled to Arabot.”

Sirone felt a sense of horror at Peope's words. Forgotten meant that I knew it originally, but that my memory had been erased.

Even if you erase someone's memory, someone else will pass it on. Judging from the propagation speed of information, it could not have happened without erasing everyone's memories at the same time.

said Ryan.

“From lifespan to memory? It is literally omnipotent. How old is God? He must be 100 million years old?”

“Age is meaningless to God. Because it's the beginning of everything. we don't know the beginning Since you don’t know where you started, you don’t know how old you are either.”

said Canis.

"doesn't care. I'm not going to fight God. If I save the girls, I'll go right back."

Sirone listened intently to what Canis had said were women, not Arin. Normally, they quarreled, but in their hearts, they seemed to be attached to each other without realizing it.

Upon arriving at Arabot, the party looked up at the wall. Although it is the inner city of heaven, the walls are higher than the outer city. Moreover, there was no device that could call Ikael.

said Canis.

"Can't you just wait until she walks the dog?"

"joy! It's only now that you're so arrogant! Without Ikael-sama's help, I can't even enter the fire.”

Although she is helping Sirone, Feope was the courtier of heaven. It was unacceptable for Ra to disparage an archangel respected by his subjects to the extent of erasing the memory of their sins.

Sirone said.

“I will apologize instead. It's because your nerves are sensitive. Anyway, what are you going to do from now on?”

Feofe didn't shoot any more because she knew that their situation was urgent.

"good! Then, I will try to talk to Ikael-nim from now on.”

Sirone asked with her eyes shining.

"what? you can do it?"

“No, I can’t.”

“… … Are you kidding me?”

“The truth is, what should I do? But it's not very unlikely. Because Ikael-nim might be watching us.”

---------------------------------------