[635] Last Gate (1)

The moment Nade's chin caught in his fist, Amy had a hunch.

'It went in properly!'

Even in that short moment, as he twisted his back with all his strength, Ned's head turned and his body spun.

“Great!”

As much as Nade opened up his lifelong rage, Amy's fist contained the determination to kill, which implied countless hours.

“The magic power level… … !”

The percentage floating in Elizabeth's retinas decreased as quickly as water was drained with an eyedropper.

It was a speed that gave goosebumps when you recall that it was 1.2 billion Magicles.

When the percentage figure fell below 3 percent, I thought it was really over.

“Aaaaaaa!”

But Nade did not lose consciousness.

Baikal, who guessed the reason, showed emotion for the first time and slammed his knee with a sad expression.

“Reaction Rates of Electricity.”

Amy's blow definitely delivered a shock, but she twisted her body with reflexes that were faster than the speed at which the shock wave was transmitted, canceling out the power.

As Amy took a step forward with her fist raised, electricity surged from Nade's spinning body.

It was such a wonderful idea and seeing the light of hope even for a moment, Baikal had no choice but to bite his lip.

'It was close to perfect. You can be proud of yourself, Amy!'

It was already a counter that transcended human senses, but if only it had gone a little deeper.

If he could have pushed out just 0.1 millimeter more, the result of defeating the monster in Magic Fairy Tale would have been unprecedented.

“Kuaaaaa!”

Amy sighed as she looked at Nade, who screamed and discharged powerful electricity.

'Calm down, fool.'

At the same time, a massive anti-magic hit his mind.

- Karmis Amy. 4th place in final ranking for graduation. There are 3 remaining participants.

Amy fell forward, and Nade, discharging electricity, collapsed beside her, looking up at the sky.

However, Nade's mental strength was weakened as well.

“What is your horsepower level?”

“Four million magicles.”

“It has gone down tremendously. I was on the verge of losing consciousness.”

"yes. But even in a state of stupor, having 4 million magicles itself is abnormal.”

Shirone and Iruki, who were gasping for breath in different positions, were thinking the same thing as they looked at the collapsed Nade.

'Just grow up. Please just sleep.'

Then, blue electricity wrapped around Nade's body.

As consciousness returned, magic fairy tales were in full bloom, and the increase was also bizarre.

“We are breaking through 20 million, 50 million, and 100 million magicles.”

“… … Is something a little strange?”

The lightning that wrapped around Nade soared into the sky and formed the shape of a huge human.

Aaaaaaaang!

The sound waves created by the electricity shook the entire Colosseum, and everyone covered their ears.

“Keugh! what!"

-Everyone die! disappear!

“Is consciousness embodied by magic?”

The electric giant, which expands every time it makes a sound, boasted an overwhelming appearance to the point of being called a thunder god.

-I… … .

The Thunder God crossed his arms and shouted in the loudest voice.

-What did you do so wrong?

A bundle of electricity spread in all directions and began rubbing the end of the 2,000 times zone as if a transparent wall had been erected in front of the audience.

“This, this… … !”

The pale spectators could not even blink as they looked at the bluish-white current spreading right in front of them.

Each one of them was Nade's face, and he was making a distorted expression.

-Answer me! Why should I be unhappy? Why do I have to shoulder everything?

Ballroom, who had been looking at Nade's face shimmering in electric form, turned to his wife.

Ordinary people should be terrified, but Teria was showing the same angry face as Nade.

- Answer me!

As the electric shock was concentrated, Terria shouted as she opened her huge mouth and let out a voice.

“Because I’m pathetic!”

The audience all turned to her.

"honey."

Ballroom tried to stop her, but death was the only thing that could stop her already enraged.

“What nonsense is this! Mom did her best too! I did everything you asked me to do! They even sent me to a magic school! So you can take the test too!”

- I didn't wish for my success!

“Stop talking nonsense! Where in the world is there a parent who wants their children to fail! Is that annoying? How could you do this if you pitied her mother!”

The audience whispered at the sudden quarrel between mother and son.

“The West family. I've heard that it's ruined, but it's really broken.”

“It’s someone else’s family business. Don't go out of your way, just stay still.”

Teria, who had lost her temper, shouted.

“Do you know how painful it is to live alone? Mom doesn't want to live either! I'm fed up with supporting you, and your dad is going to die!"

-why… … did you abandon me

It was a small rumble compared to the thunder so far, but Teria was the first to shut up.

“Well, in that situation… … .”

- You didn't say you were sorry.

“Did I do anything wrong? Because of that too... … .”

- Can you tell me what happened that day?

Teria's body trembled.

Even though she saw countless burn scars on Nade's body, she never asked what had happened.

“I don’t want to hear it. It's already over.”

Electricity flowed like tears from Nade's face spreading across the transparent wall.

-i think so too. It's over and there's no turning back. therefore… … .

The electricity returned to Nade as his face receded.

-Look carefully there, what kind of monster I have become.

Nade, who was limp like a puppet under the shape of the god of thunder, opened his eyes.

“Sirone. Iruki.”

A voice came out of Nade's mouth, not the thunder god.

“I’m sorry, but I have to win.”

Nade's face was cold even though he controlled magic assimilation.

“You said so from the beginning.”

Sirone and Iruki were not disappointed.

Be it betrayal or whatever, the graduation exam was something he could accept as long as he judged and made his own conclusions.

“The magic power level is 240 million.”

Although it recorded a higher number than the Ataraxia Juktan system, it was rather human compared to the violence before that.

“The most powerful instinct and a slightly less powerful reason. Which do you think would be the worst to deal with?”

Elizabeth did not feel the need to answer.

Sirone, Iruki, and Nade moved slowly from the center of the Colosseum.

triangular shape.

The perfect balance that no one could act first made the air of the battlefield heavy.

"what? Come to think of it, the final three.”

said Mark.

“Isn’t it the Supernatural Psychic Research Society?”

“Oh, yes. From 1st to 3rd place.”

Teachers also had mixed feelings.

“Ugh, those troublemakers.”

Shiina grumbled as she recalled the atrocities of the three musketeers who had committed all sorts of accidents since their advanced class days.

“There is no way to just skip it until the end.”

“They were very unique kids. They're geeks, but can we say they're innocent? There were many times when my head was pounding, but I feel sad when I think of letting go in my arms.”

At Etella's words, Shiina smiled bitterly.

“… … They are disciples who will never be forgotten for the rest of their lives.”

After circling the huge Colosseum, the three of them established their own strategies.

'Ataraxia.'

As the colorful magic formations accumulated in front of Sirone's eyes, the scout's seats became agitated.

“You’re betting a match right away.”

“Perhaps. If you fight with the future in mind, it's a composition that will rather be eliminated. I have no choice but to play the strongest hand.”

'Nuclear Fusion.'

At the same time, Iruki began to raise the detonation equation containing unprecedented power.

The best thing is to eliminate both of them at the same time.

To do so, an explosion was required to take over the entire Colosseum.

'Watch wisely, see what the son you ruined can do.'

As Nade's god of thunder compressed into a sphere, it began to emit white thunderbolts.

Graduation exams, wizards, wealth and fame, he intended to destroy everything.

And I will tell Teria.

Everything you could have is gone forever in this moment.

The spectators swallowed their saliva as the globe of lightning floated in the air like a divine object.

“It must be power that cannot be estimated. There will always be those who drop out.”

Iruki glanced sideways at Sirone.

'It's ambiguous. Should I explode first?'

However, if that happened, Sirone and Nade's magic would be concentrated on him.

'The best thing is Nade attack Sirone and I blow both of them. Then it will be over.'

As soon as he finished thinking, Nade's thunderbolt split into two.

"anyway."

Iruki gave a rotten smile.

'Because being too friendly is also a problem.'

Sirone was also expecting Nade's response.

'done. If Nade keeps Iruki in check, I can attack him too. Then avoid Nade's attack.'

The speed of the lightning that Nade shoots is beyond imagination, but it could have been avoided enough if it was an explosion of fire.

'The only thing left now is timing.'

Who will move first?

Nade's temperament twists before he can finish thinking.

'It's Nade!'

The moment the remaining two reacted, both thunderbolts flew towards Sirone.

'Sheesh, it doesn't move as expected.'

A tactic that pretends to target both at the same time, but actually eliminates Sirone first.

It was the reason why the less strong reason was scary.

'then… … !'

The huge flash of light that passed through Ataraxia turned toward Iruki while swallowing the thunderbolt, and as expected, Nade, who cast the spark magic, appeared in front of Iruki.

'Hey, you idiot. don't i know you Thanks though... … .'

The corners of Iruki's mouth rose.

'It was a pleasant school year!'

Nuclear Fusion!

A relentless explosion occurred from the center of the Colosseum and swept the entire Colosseum.

The albino, guessing the power from the brightness of the light, murmured with a bewildered expression.

"that… … Aren't you stupid?"

The last method Iruki chose in the psychological warfare of biting and biting was to blow everything away with an explosion that even he could not handle.

'It's definitely a human weapon.'

As new explosions continued to form at the center of the explosion, all the scouts could see was the sight that filled the inside of the 2,000 barrier.

“If it were real, everyone would be dead.”

As the explosion that seemed to see the sun in front of them disappeared, the eyes of the audience wandered aimlessly over the Colosseum.

As all three of them fell to the ground and did not even move, a flurry flowed like a wave.

“What, what happened?”

- Mercodyne Iruki. 3rd place finalized for graduation. There are 2 participants remaining.

Nade staggered to his feet as soon as he heard the 2,000th guide voice.

“You ignorant child.”

Iruki looked up at the sky and said.

“That depends on your point of view. blow it up as you like Because no one says anything here.”

If it weren't for the magical power level of over 200 million, Nade would also be lying side by side with Iruki.

“… … It will.”

Nade moved away, and Iruki, who had read through the 19 years like a kaleidoscope, smiled in satisfaction.

“Ah, I feel relieved.”

The audience waited with bated breath, but the 2,000 guiding voices were no longer heard.

“I canceled the explosion with an amplified mass wave. I was thinking of defending and attacking at the same time.”

“Ah, it’s the head.”

The attention of the audience was focused on one place.

“I’ve known it for a long time, but… … .”

Sirone, who slowly stood up on the ground, rubbed her shoulders and grumbled.

“You guys really can’t handle it.”

---------------------------------------