[237] 4. Battle Simulation (7)

In order to build a halo, the immortal function must be infinitely extended. 

However, since the concept of a perfect circle was obtained, there was ample room for simplifying the mechanism from the second time onwards.

Lifting targets respond sensitively to mental changes. Therefore, if the mind maintains absolute stability, the target will not move.

That meant being able to draw a perfect circle without entering the realm of infinity.

From then on, Sirone tried to make the target immobile instead of normal lifting exercises.

After a month, little by little, the results showed.

The sight of the target with the maximum repulsive power floating quietly in the spirit zone was always amazing.

This was possible because Sirone realized the sense of a perfect circle through the immortal function.

The students burst into exclamations of exclamation, but did not understand why they were training like that.

Closer said.

“I’ve been doing just that since a month ago. Even if I did, I couldn’t even last 10 seconds.”

Sabina also added a word to say that she was not going to be outdone.

“I’m not even a monk, do I need to go that far? What is the use of magic?”

The target floating above Sirone was not even moving. It meant that no change of mind was taking place.

Being no different from brain death was not a mental state that normal humans could tolerate. This was only possible for Sirone, who had reached the state of gold.

However, even Sirone could not last more than 10 seconds. Eventually, the target swayed violently and flew out of the spirit zone.

Dante was the first to speak.

"A little more… … It seems to have grown.”

"huh? what's growing ”

“Spirit Zone. It seems bigger than last time.”

Closer and Sabina looked at Sirone again. Even visually, it was definitely bigger than last time.

"no way. If you can grow the Spirit Zone that easily, there is no one in the world who is not a great wizard. Usually, it is through self-mortification or attaining enlightenment… … . huh? enlightenment?"

Sabina realized from her own words. Wizards also awaken, but Spirit Zone, which is a pure mental body, was rather closely related to the mind of Gudo.

This was the reason why Etella, the Bishop of the Karsis Monastery, was also a famous Joner in the kingdom.

Sabina's prediction was correct. 

Sirone, who had reached the state of Diamond Master, was in a state where there was no limit to expanding the mind. In the meantime, as I kept spinning the perfect circle, the spirit zone was strengthening at a tremendous speed.

Even while Closer and Sabina were pouring out disparaging words as if they couldn't admit it, Dante was silently looking at Sirone.

@

The 2,000th class time has returned.

Three teachers, Etella, Shiina, and Sade, supervised the class, and now the students took it for granted.

Shiina took over as the representative and conducted the class.

“Starting today, we will learn man-to-man combat. The context is different from tactical training, so please follow the control carefully.”

Person-to-person combat was quite different from tactical training.

First of all, because a powerful magic exchange takes place, the gauge decreases much faster. In other words, the intensity of anti-magic is strengthened.

More than anything else, the problem was that people could also get jungle judgment when it comes to passive skills.

A typical accident case was when two wizards who cast teleportation collided with each other in the middle. 

If that happened, no matter how virtual reality, it would inevitably lead to serious injuries.

“The reason the three teachers are observing is the danger of interpersonal combat. First of all, since today is the first day, we will start with practice. If there are any applicants... … .”

"I will do it."

Boyle, who was determined and waited for today, raised his hand.

"great. Then against Boyle... … .”

“Sir, can I point out the other person too?”

I tried to refuse because personal feelings were not good, but Boyle was already glaring at the challenger.

Dante pointed at himself as if bewildered.

"me? Are you going to do it with me now?”

"okay. I've been pretending to be proud so far, so I won't take it off, right? If you are that great, prove it with your skills.”

There's nothing you can't do if you challenge yourself, but being number one in the country wasn't a place where dogs and cows were accepted for a challenge.

“You want to beat me like that? no matter what?”

“Don’t be mistaken. The first place in the advanced class is definitely me, and the challenge is up to you. So why don't you come up? I will remodel your rotten personality.”

"ha ha ha! What a wonderful word! So how about this one? The loser kneels to the winner and says they lost.”

Ethella said.

“Dante, this is definitely part of the class… … .”

"it's okay. Please let me do it, Ms. Ethella. Rather, it is what I hoped for.”

Boyle asked with a desperate look. The memory of being beaten by Closer was the shame of her life. Rather, she was grateful for the opportunity to make up for it.

As the confrontation took place, Sirone wondered how Dante would deal with Boyle. There is no offensive magic in the photon series. Of course, at least Dante would have learned other types of magic, but he definitely said that he was a shining boy, a wizard of light.

While Sirone was lost in his thoughts, Boyle and Dante waited for the confrontation at the 2,000 practice range, 50 meters apart.

In interpersonal combat, the initial distance plays an important role. 

Once you enter the battle, all kinds of variables are rampant, but since the start is always made while facing each other, the key was to develop a sequence and strike preemptively.

Of course, the summoning wizard had a different tendency from other wizards, so he was free in the early tactical operation.

The standard was to give up preemptive strikes and call a summoned beast as soon as possible to defend against the opponent's attack.

Dante, who knew that fact, spoke as if proclaiming it.

“Let’s take out the summoned number and start slowly. I’m not the type to make a fuss from the start either.”

Boyle couldn't believe Dante's words.

But it didn't look like he would lie before the fight to make room for gossip.

In any case, it was an advantage for the summoning mage, who had no choice but to be defensive in the beginning.

“If you want to do that, do it. I'll do it my way.”

It was an answer that could put the shackles on the opponent's words without being swayed by psychological warfare.

Dante did not lose his composure, but scratched his eyebrows in embarrassment. I thought he was a flower in a greenhouse, but he was a guy who knew how to roll his head in his own way.

'It's a summoning magic. Surely that's tricky.'

Summoning wizards can summon summons through a unique and difficult tactic called Sangsang 思.

The first thing a wizard who learns summoning magic summons is himself. 

This is called a doppelganger, and if this is successful, the doppelganger has the possibility of transforming into a third existence.

To summon something is not different from having perfect knowledge about something.

That was the boss, and it goes through a three-step process.

The first is what we call the imprinting phase, where you use all your five senses to observe the object you're summoning and then engrave the image in your head. 

Because they have to perfectly memorize the summoner's appearance, the power of observation of summoning wizards far exceeds that of ordinary people.

A representative training is the placement method.

It was a training exercise in which 30 sticks with a length difference of 1 millimeter were randomly mixed and then arranged in order of length within one minute.

The second, called the empathy stage, is the process of studying the behavior of the subject to be summoned and making sure that you have fully grasped it.

There are cases where they can do it with vast knowledge, but most wizards tend to feel their characteristics while living together.

When living together in an isolated place for more than a year, the characteristics of that creature are bound to be imprinted.

Creatures with lower intelligence have simpler reactions and easier to clear.

The third phase was the extinction phase, which was the most important process.

It is to kill the target that was imprinted and erase the reality.

Nevertheless, if the target is seen in reality, the summoning wizard can materialize it through a doppelganger.

You don't necessarily have to kill it. The key is to create a state that can never be seen again.

The stronger the status, the stronger the summoned beast's sharpness.

It was a terrible feeling to kill someone who had formed a bond of sympathy for a long time, but it was also dangerous to keep alive.

For example, a sorceress was trying to summon a monster called Opoi that casts healing magic, but hesitated during the extinction phase.

In the end, he cleared the extinction stage by selling Opoi to a monster collector, but after hearing the news that he was still alive 5 years later, he lost his ability to summon Opoi.

According to research by the Magic Association, there are 13,872 types of summons in Tier 1, the lowest level, but there are only 3 types of summons listed in Tier 1.

It is a well-known fact that there is a Lich, one of the Tier 1 summons, who is the archmage of the undead monster world.

It is a summoned beast led by a woman named Zulu, the great wizard of the Middle East, and this fact spread and the academic world was turned upside down.

To clear the extinction stage, existence must be erased, but the lich is a monster that has lost the ability to die.

Some say that Zulu herself became a lich herself and only summoned a doppelganger, but no one will know the exact truth unless she speaks up.

said Boyle, arrogantly clearing his throat.

“Last semester, I was second in the advanced class. I mean, by a small margin. Do you know why I deliberately didn't make it to my senior year and stayed here? It’s because I thought I was lacking.”

"okay. I guess so.”

“But not anymore. He worked hard for 4 years. And during this vacation, I finally succeeded. My summons will tear you apart.”

“Don’t expect it. To be honest, Mercedes was a bit disappointing.”

Boyle's lips parted. At this moment, he was not a son in his mother's arms, nor a model student who valued principles, but a single summoning wizard.

"don't worry. It will be different this time.”

When Shiina called out to start the battle, Boyle and Dante entered the Spirit Zone at the same time.

As the sequence unfolded, the spirit was strengthened and the spirit zone changed to its own way.

Boyle was the defensive type and Dante was the target type.

“Come out, Gaos.”

Where Boyle reached out, another Boyle was born. The magician's doppelganger has been transformed into Gaos, a tier 6 summon, following the trick of the Trinity, where the doppelganger of a wizard is transferred to the doppelganger of a summoned beast.

Aaaaaaang!

A beast-like monster with a body length of 3 meters took a quadrupedal posture. Its smooth, hairless skin was blue, and its muscles cracked like rocks.

The body was similar to that of a human, but there were no eyes as if wearing an eyepatch, and everything from the bridge of the nose to the place where the chin was located was a mouth.

Straw-like tongues tangled inside the sparse fangs, and electrically emitting tentacles extended along the spine from the neck.

He had four fingers, and his fingernails, as strong as adamantine, sprouted ten centimeters long.

“Go, Gaos. I really summoned Gaos.”

The students were stunned. I heard that I had special training during vacation, but I never dreamed that it would be Gaos.

Gaos belonged to the highest level among the summons listed in Tier 6, but in terms of physical ability, it was a monster that could be compared to Tier 5.

Even the teachers were surprised.

Currently, there are no summoning wizards in the senior class, but so far, there are only a handful of people who have reached the 6th tier in school and graduated.

"oh my god. When did you learn such a summoning magic? There is a limit on time to take advantage of vacation.”

Sade gave a bitter smile at Etela's words.

“I must have calculated it a long time ago. That guy, I decided and raised him.”

It was to the point of sticking out my tongue at the cleverness of children these days.

Whether it's an advanced class or a senior class, they are magicians who are weak against physical power. If he summoned Gaos, who could hit the 5th tier with his physical abilities, he could have passed the graduation exam much easier.

---------------------------------------