[595] Time Cube (2)

Yoga's face turned white as she looked at the young life that had died in her arms.

"what… … !”

Where everyone turned their heads with shocked faces, Lu Kang was standing with his hand against the wall with one arm crushed.

"you are?"

Yolgah remembered Lukang, but he had a bad temper to the point where he couldn't believe he was someone he had just seen.

His bloodshot eyes were out of focus, and his whole body was covered in blood.

“Heh, hehehe.”

He spilled his blood and fell over, smearing blood on the wall.

"now… … You can go home.”

“Hexaaaa!”

Miro shouted and ran to retrieve the child's body, but it was too much to revive it as it was hit straight with a chain scythe.

Shocked, she turned her head, and Sirone also stood there with a pale face.

Hexa is dead.

'Then what about me?'

When I looked into my palms, I saw that my skin, which was naturally colored, had turned gray.

Die.

The achromatic colors confirmed that, and Sirone staggered with a sense of dizziness.

"Die. porridge… … .”

"Wake!"

Miro ran over and put his hand on Sirone's shoulder.

“It's not over yet!”

“But I am dead. I am… … .”

“Listen straight. A closed curve cannot separate cause and effect. In order for the incident that just happened to end, we have to go around the timeline once.”

After hearing that, Sirone suddenly came to his senses.

'It can change the case.'

“Go and move Estas. You can't let Yoga and I meet. okay?"

Sirone immediately nodded and jumped.

Miro, who was watching him walk away, glared at Yolgha.

“Are you satisfied now?”

If you ask me if I'm satisfied, it wasn't a disappointing result.

Nevertheless, what was questionable was the appearance of Lu Kang.

“Why are you still alive?”

“The incidents are overlapping.”

Mustang said.

“New events are rushing in before the old one cycles through. Proof that space is collapsing.”

It meant that if the case that Lukang didn't die came in faster than before, Hexa could be the same.

“Nothing is over yet.”

Only then did Yoga look back at the maze with bitter eyes.

* * *

"damn! What happened?”

Lichen went down the stairs to avoid the Martian forces rushing in.

Still, Mars was pervasive throughout the room.

'It's completely different from what Fermi said?'

As Estas changed the structure several times, his movement was also complicatedly twisted.

“What is that child?”

When the 4th group of Mars blocked the front, Lichen flew straight into the passage next to it.

'I want to stick with you, but... … .'

It was meaningless.

Above all, <The Last Scream of the Yeager Family> took place.

One-time objects.

If even one of them is in danger, the ability of the object will be activated, and in that case, 10 billion gold will be lost before it can be duplicated.

'This is a pity jar.'

Originally, it was a noble item that saved the life of the owner, but now, it was rather a hindrance to the lichen.

'Almost there!'

Lichen ran at full speed toward the far end of the corridor.

It was a warehouse with a safe designated by Fermi.

* * *

fail, fail again.

In the complex moving warehouse of Estas, Sirone encountered numerous incidents, but could not reach the space he wanted.

“There! catch!"

"be careful! He is strong!”

Nickel, the captain of Mars, grabbed the longsword, the common weapon of Tormia, and charged.

His skills were top-notch, and each swordsmanship he threw out was flying towards Shirone's throat.

'Broad!'

As the curtain of light exploded, the Martian crew retreated an equal distance.

The photon cannon popped out and the flash of the shotgun movement lit up the corridor.

“Got it!”

When Nickel, who had been relentlessly following Sirone, swung the sword, two tentacles grabbed the blade.

“Keugh!”

Then, another two tentacles slammed right into his abdomen.

As Nickel's eyes widened and blood gushed out of his mouth, the members' faces turned pale.

“Captain!”

'It's time to be like this... … .'

Sirone desperately raised her mental strength.

“No!”

Elysion broke down the boundaries of the Spirit Zone, and the photon cannon's flashes entangled like a net throughout the hallway.

“Aaaaaagh!”

Sirone, who turned around as if to escape the screams of the crew members, fired the statue of Buddha statue again.

As the timeline changed, the Martian forces disappeared.

"hurry! hurry!"

Sirone had already bypassed space seven times, but the timeline was too complicated, and no matter how he used it, he couldn't prevent Hexa from dying.

'The problem is a man with a chain scythe. Miro has definitely succeeded in his mission. It was twisted in an incident I was not aware of.'

As I finished my thoughts, I saw the engine room in the distance.

<event coordinates>

Time: 1 hour 57 minutes.

Space: Warehouse #9 in Estas.

'It's over there.'

When I opened the door to the warehouse and went in, an eye mask popped out.

“Sirone?”

“Anchal!”

Sirone looked around and ran to her.

“Are you still waiting here?”

“No, we have arrived. What happened?"

Sirone bit her lip and walked to the controls.

“Failed. Cases keep changing and I can't stop it.”

"What are you talking about?"

As time passed, Sirone's heart grew impatient.

When the time of the closed curve circulates one turn, the case of Hexa's death ends, and at that time, everything was over.

"damn! What can I do? What should I do... … .”

I've already activated the device seven times, but I couldn't jump over Hexa's death.

'We have to attach the Supernatural Psychic Research Society to Room 36. Then, if you go around room 11 and go back... … .'

failure.

Mars was already waiting there.

'Okay, let's put Room 55 on top. You can take a big detour there. It's like starting all over again... … .'

Anchal approached and pulled Sirone's shoulder.

"what are you doing? You said it would be dangerous to twist the case.”

“Everyone dies anyway!”

It was just frustrating for Sirone.

“You have to go back. I… … .”

“Tell me what happened. I haven't come across any incidents yet.”

"My mistake. I didn't mean to make Yoga meet Miro in the first place.”

"what?"

“Hexa. that i died Soon I'll be gone too. You have to keep me alive in it.”

When the operation of Estas stopped, Sirone turned around and said.

"help me! Come this way!"

Anchal still did not understand, but he had no choice but to follow.

“Sheesh! What's going on?”

This is the eighth challenge.

The exact time is impossible to determine, but the intuition that this will be the last chance is stuck in Sirone's mind.

<event coordinates>

Time: 00:58.

Space: Warehouse #65 in Estas.

As the space twisted and twisted, the events of the closed curve continued to overlap, and Lu Kang was shocked to see himself dying with his lower body crushed.

“What is this?”

Even Lukang, who was leaning against the wall, was surprised.

“Are you dreaming? Keugh!”

Blood poured down Lu Kang's intestines.

It is clearly his own image, but he could not find the slightest sense of identity in the destroyed form.

'This is hell.'

Lu Kang realized only one thing.

“You have to leave.”

"uh? A survivor... … .”

The warehouse door opened and Yoga and his companions entered.

“No, I am not a survivor.”

Mustang stopped Yoga.

Lukang, whose lower body was crushed, and another Lukang, whose right arm was crushed, were facing each other.

“How did this happen?”

“The cases are overlapping. It will not be irrelevant to the changes in Istas.”

“Abominable Yolgah!”

The fallen Lukang spat out curse words.

“It's all because of you! You made us this way!”

Yoga, as always, bowed her head this time.

"I'm sorry. I have nothing to say.”

That's how Lukang died, and Lukang, whose right arm was crushed, came to Yoga.

“What is this? Why am I dead!”

“… … .”

"Answer me! What the hell did you bring us to such a terrible place!”

There was no chin to know that it was Yoga.

However, her insights go through countless times and variables to reach a certain blind result.

“Do you want to get out of here?”

“Stop talking nonsense! I know you can't get out once you're in!”

“There is a way.”

Lukang, who was about to attack the judges, stopped walking.

“The way… … Is there?”

After thinking for a moment, Yoga nodded as if she was convinced.

“Due to a certain variable, you escaped from the event of death. So from now on, follow me. and… … .”

Yoga closed her eyes tightly.

Banya-Pa Maria.

“When the opportunity arises, do what you have to do.”

that was pure

<event coordinates>

Time: 1 hour 32 minutes.

Space: Warehouse #13 in Estas.

'Finally arrived!'

When I opened the warehouse door and entered, Miro, who had wiped out the Mars troops, was holding Hexa and gasping for breath.

“What are you?”

It was a maze that raised alertness, but Sirone didn't have time to explain everything.

“It’s too long to talk about! We have to go now!”

"What are you talking about?"

“Guppin's door! If it doesn't arrive faster than any other event, Hexa will die!”

She was already questioning the fading presence of Hexa.

“It was you! Why the hell did you come to Estas? Do you not know where this is?”

Anchal said.

“No, you came in. The situation is serious. We come from a world that has already experienced three resets. I need information from the upper echelons.”

Miro immediately understood.

“Enough! Guide me quickly! I do not have time!"

Sirone immediately turned around and ran towards the supernatural and psychic science research group, accompanied by Miro and an eye mask.

The road was fast because he manipulated the warehouse.

Also, thanks to numerous incidents, I was able to bypass the Mars unit.

'The action now will twist the case again.'

According to the previous case, more battles would have to be fought before Miro reached the Supernatural Psychic Research Society, but by avoiding it through Sirone's guidance, the incident itself changed again.

"Arrived!"

<event coordinates>

Time: 1 hour 40 minutes.

Space: Supernatural Psychic Research Society.

Sirone, who arrived 8 minutes earlier than the previous incident, looked around.

Because the incident of meeting Yolgah could not be undone, Yoga somehow arrived here.

However, because the current time was pulled, he was able to prevent contact with the maze.

'done. Success!'

He said while looking at the Guffin's door where the labyrinth entered the research circuit was activated.

“From now on, I will go to another space through the dimensional door.”

Miro hugged Hexa even tighter.

“What is in the other space?”

“Sacrifices. It's okay to be a scapegoat.”

I had no intention of making excuses.

That is Guffin's will.

“To save the world, someone has to sacrifice. And beyond this door lies the victim of cosmic resetting.”

This was the reason why Miro couldn't tell Yoga the truth.

'This is something Yoga could never do. I have to do it.'

Only individuals can sacrifice for the sake of the whole.

If the mission succeeds, the day's events will be completely forgotten, but her life will unfold in a way that will cost her anyway.

Miro looked back at Sirone in front of the door.

“Are you Hexa?”

The proof was that Sirone's body was changing into a transparent state as time passed.

"yes."

“Would you like to see for yourself? You deserve it.”

“I will go too.”

When Anchal said, Miro nodded as if it didn't matter and headed for the Guffin's door.

As the maze passed through the light barrier and disappeared, Sirone took a look at the temple and pushed herself through the Guffin's door.

The retina is filled with white light, and the scene of the night unfolds... … I could hear the birds chirping in the distance.

<event coordinates>

time: break away.

Space: Sirone's house, stable.

---------------------------------------