Dark Organization (5)

“Rinse first. If we go on like this, no restaurant will accept us.”

Ned, who barely escaped from Pena's cloak, said, but there was no place to wash.

“I have a good idea.”

Sirone, who went into an uninhabited place, made a simple bath with the ability of the material.

Pena's eyes widened.

“How did you do it?”

“It is such an ability. Corcoras does not use points, so this is possible.”

The explanation was short, but Pena didn't care.

“I’ll be back soon!”

In the bathroom she entered, she heard the sound of drinking water.

When Sirone's face turned pale, Iruki asked.

"What happened? With your abilities, going to a bathroom like this wouldn't be a job.”

"huh. It is, but... …

It was the aftermath of the current construction of the Sirone Spear on the sun side.

Simultaneous events are not divisions, so any sirone can exist 100%.

'But Armand is not me. I cover it with mental power, but there is a limit to the availability.'

As the silence grew longer, Iruki realized.

'Something serious has happened.'

The reason we can't dig deeper is because knowing doesn't help.

'We experience Melkidu, but to Sirone, it's just an incident.' He would still have everything under control.

'Cheer up, Sirone.'

Shirone's heart was moved by Iruki's hand, which silently slapped her on the back.

'thank you.'

You probably don't know.

Among the many simultaneous incidents, this is the only place where you can laugh.

It wasn't because his friends were strong, or because Melkidu was more comfortable than other places.

'It's okay to fail.'

To his friends, he is not an infinite wizard, the five great stars of the ivory tower, or Yahweh responsible for the fate of mankind... … .

'It's just Sirone.'

She is only Sirone, an alumnus of Alpheas Magic School.

'Sometimes I'm sensitive, and sometimes I'm consistent, but my friends don't see me differently.'

It's probably because they even understand the cause.

While feeling at ease after a long time, Pena came out of the bath shaking her hair.

“I will live for a while now. let's hurry. hungry."

Sirone smiled.

"yes." Sirone and the others went into a nearby restaurant.

“How is Mr. Curtis?” Fena, who was hastily putting food in, coughed and drank her water.

“Yeah, that. Great. He must have been pretty good. The crimes I have committed so far have been so serious that I have not been able to go anywhere else and have been imprisoned in Parme, the capital. It is a top-notch prison.”

It didn't seem to go well.

“Thanks to you, I was less bothered. however… … My heart broke at the thought of meeting you guys. I just need to be in the capital, but there's no way to contact them. Crying and eating mustard, I came here using my loss of motivation.”

Sirone comforted him.

“It is not a loss. We had to come here anyway. I think there is a buying hint here.”

"okay? Hmm, well. If there really is a dark organization, there's no better fit than here. I watched it from the trash heap, and it was really no joke.”

“What did you see?”

“Dismemberment of the body. I knew what kind of pork they were using. I heard you kicked your feet without blinking an eye. But thanks, I got some information. About the three major gangs.”

Pena's explanation was similar to what they had heard, but the information was up-to-date.

“This time, the Johann Cartel took over the supplies coming into Corcoras. That's why the Desperado organization seems to be vying for it. A great war will break out.”

Sirone stood up.

“Okay, then let’s go to the Johann Cartel. The one who took the supplies must have made contact with the dark organization.”

“Ugh, Johann Cartel… …

Pena, who was about to say something, shook her head.

"okay! let's go! After all, there doesn't seem to be a top among the three major gangs. The problem is how to find their base. There will be no resistance.”

After finishing the calculation, Nade returned.

"shit. Just eating this is a bonus. Let’s go out and take care of them one by one.”

After leaving the store, Sirone and the others saw that three major gangs were blocking the entrance.

A man pointed a machine gun.

“Should I choose soon? We are impatient.”

Nade, who was examining their faces, turned to his friends and smiled.

“Is it much easier?”

While the other friends were also smiling, only Pena was shaking her legs.

John Cartel.

Their stronghold was a monastery with a pious atmosphere, incongruous with gunshots.

“Are you new?”

A woman in a nun's uniform was drinking in a dimly lit room.

It was Arya, the leader of the Johann Cartel.

“Yes, sister. Other organizations are not rough.”

A man in his mid-twenties bowed his head in the midst of gang leaders.

"hello! It's called Boto! I will serve you with all my heart and soul.”

“How are you going to serve me?”

"yes?"

“How are you going to take it? Don't make me ask twice.”

“Ah, that… …

Unable to handle Arya's intense gaze, Votto averted his gaze to the shelf.

I saw underwear with a penis on it, a whip, and a chained dog collar.

As Arya snapped her fingers, Votto's gaze returned to normal.

“Listen. The Johan Cartel is the oldest organization in Melkidu. It is the only place that directly supports the will of Cain, the founder of Mel Kidu. Because we have been in control of Melkidu since ancient times, the real brothers can survive.”

"yes."

“But at some point, Red Union came in and installed you, Desperadoni, and things without genealogy. I don't like it. Do you know what I mean?”

“Don't worry. I'm the guy who used to hang out with me outside. My hands are itchy.”

Then a knock was heard.

“Boss, I brought those guys.”

"come in."

Arya, who confirmed the faces of Sirone and the others, muttered with a rotten expression.

“It’s like?????”

They are qualitatively different from the gang.

“Yeah, I heard you walk around with a terrifying sore? Are you a cop? Or are you looking for someone?”

Sirone said.

“Tell me about the dark organization. We want to enter the core by the back door.”

"ah… …

Arya's eyes widened.

"back door. It's good."

“Kkeuk!”

Realizing the meaning, Votto could not hold back his laughter, and the officers turned their heads.

“Hmm, sorry.” Arya, who had been watching him expressionlessly, put her glass down and stood up from her chair.

"Come on."

As Votto approached awkwardly, Arya drew closer and grabbed his wrist.

“Big, big sister.”

"why? You like things like this.”

She raised the skirt of her nun's uniform and brought Votto's hand to the inside of her thigh.

“Touch this. yes. Hold on tight.”

Looking down, Votto found a dagger held in reverse in his hand.

“Hey, why… … ?”

Before he could finish his sentence, Arya moved Votto's hand and thrust the dagger into his stomach.

"omg!"

I reflexively pushed it away, but the blade was already two-thirds of the way in.

"Ahh! knife! This knife!”

Staggering back, Arya grabbed the bottle and swung her arm in full swing.

With a pop, the bottle burst and Votto fell.

“Aaaaaa! Aaaaaa!”

Blood was gushing out of his head, and the blade that pierced his stomach was as hot as fire.

“Pear, pear! A knife in my stomach... … !”

“Kuk-kuk. Then take it off, you son of a bitch.”

As the executives kicked the abdomen as if playing with it, Votto shook his limbs.

"no! evil! i die! ah! ah! Help me!"

Arya waved her hand.

"shut up. Take him out quickly.”

The wooden door slammed shut as Votto, who was caught in the leg, was dragged out.

“Whoa, yes.”

Arya sat back down and asked.

“Backdoors are my specialty. Among the three major gangs, no one can drill better than me.”

The creator of Melkidu's system is presumed to be Cain, the first murderer of mankind.

Of course, the truth will be at the core, but the Johann Cartel has supported his will for many years.

In reality, and also in Melkidu.

“In short, you came to the right place. But what can you guys do for me?”

"nothing."

"huh?"

Sirone said.

“I won't do anything. I think this level is sufficient as a transaction condition.”

Emotion disappeared from Aria's face again.

“Do you know what a gang is?”

“I don’t want to know.”

No matter how wicked he was, his annoyance soared at the sight of cruelly harassing his colleagues.

“No one here is afraid of guns. why? The moment you avoid it because it's scary, it's a burial. just pulling Whoever shoots first will survive.”

I could understand the feelings of the ronin of the sandy beach.

“It’s like a hold’em game. Even if you have AA cards in your hand, you will be scared if your opponent goes all-in. Those without guts die, and only those with guts call out.”

“What do you want to say?”

As Sirone's tone became fierce, madness flashed in Aria's eyes.

“It’s all-in, you asshole.”

A machine gun was in Arya's hand, and all the gang members opened fire on Sirone.

The gunshots rang in my ears, and sparks blazed in the dark lights.

Pena covered her ears and crouched down.

“Ugh, ugh!”

I thought I was dead, but no matter how much time passed, I didn't feel any pain.

Opening one eye slowly, she straightened her upper body at the unbelievable sight.

“What, what!”

Realizing the same thing, the gang stopped shooting one by one, and eventually only the sound of tinnitus remained.

"Who are you?"

The smoke of light that spread around Sirone held all 700 bullets.

"call."

The next moment, the bullet returned to the entire gang in the same direction and speed as it had been fired.

“Huh!”

The gang shuddered as the bullet stopped in front of the forehead and spun at a tremendous speed.

Sirone said.

“No one is afraid of guns? No, it's just that there's nothing to see. How are you now? Are you a little scared?” It was true.

“This is your last chance. Last chance for me to do nothing. Decide.”

Arya bit her lip.

“????? I lost.”

At the same time, the bullets stopped spinning and all fell to the floor with a heavy sound.

"ha. ha."

As the men slumped down, Arya was glad she was sitting in the chair.

'Dear Cain.'

Was it really true?

- Cain, who realized the efficiency of evil through the first murder, created the Melkidu system. It's what gave people hope. The hope that any mistake can be forgiven.

As a pure-blood of the Johann Cartel, she heard a lot from the previous nuns.

-We kill people and loot property. The world calls it a crime, but we call it a holy deed. Evil is far more powerful than good, far purer, a truth that dwells in the deepest depths of man.

The nun of the Johann Cartel must enter Melki-Doo and take care of Corcoras.

-But Aria, although evil is strong, the limit is clear. You must always hide in the dark, and you must not yearn for the light.

- Why?

I didn't understand at the time.

- Why can't we shine? Cain gave hope to all sinners.

-Last message.

The previous nun spoke instead of persuasion.

-It is a secret that the Yohan Cartel must keep until the very end, so you must never forget it.

It is said that Cain left these words as he left Melkidu.

-There is no holy ground for demons.