[211] 4. Heaven's Truth (5)

“It’s a double lock!”

"yes. What a meticulous guy I'll show you the memories of Arcane from now on, so check it out for yourself.”

Harvest's memories spilled over. It seems that Arcane came to heaven with his companions. & nbsp;

In the meantime, I entered Ingris alone.

Naturally, Eureka offered a contract. 

Arcane accepted Ingris' offer of free reading. Even then, she was insane, so as soon as her contract was concluded, she started attacking Arcane.

'Master... … .'

Unlike Canis, who couldn't even use his hands in battle, Arcane fought Eureka closely without being pushed back in the slightest.

'Nonsense. How do you cast magic when your words are edited?'

Canis searched for a bit more.

The answer was ingenious enough to be said to be like an arcane. All memories were erased with Abyss-type magic.

When the idea disappears, there is no concept that can be sold.

It didn't end there. Arcane began to restore the morphemes of language one by one.

I tried to find the name of Mara by comparing all the possible combinations of morphemes with the editor's reaction.

At one point, as the near-infinite words were being assembled and dismantled repeatedly, Eureka suddenly screamed.

Pale and tired, she flew off to a place where there were no Arcanes without looking back.

The location where Arcane's language combination roulette stopped was Eureka.

“… … You mean this is possible? You combined tens of thousands of languages ​​in that short moment.”

“Because there is no limit to what happens in your mind. Well, even so, you can't write a novel. it's mathematical After laying out the morphemes and creating an algorithm, they turned it into a roulette wheel. When I was young, it seems that my brain was still active. Anyway, just looking at what made me, I'm a genius. Even if I hadn't insisted on dark magic, I wouldn't have stayed as a third-class wizard.”

Canis felt proud to be Arcane's disciple.

Besides, wasn't the fact that he was able to defeat Eureka stemming from a note left by Master?

Perhaps Eureka was hiding until Arcane left. Meanwhile, it was clear that Arcane had found Eureka's information and recorded the serial number.

The last memories of Arcane entered Canis' mind. I was thrilled to learn the true reason behind the double lock.

Arcane was conveying the location to his disciple by memory, not by record.

Canis walked to the spot where Arcane had last stood. Then, imitating his master's movements, he stretched out his hand toward the panel.

'Thank you, Master.'

Of course, at the time, Arcane would not have known that he would accept Canis as a disciple. But the message he was sending to his juniors who were about to arrive was clear.

Sorceress, be a boy forever.

Taking out the panel designated by Arcane and changing the language, Canis confirmed the text floating on the glass.

book of light and darkness.

Canis flipped through the pages and skimmed them quickly. One phrase among them touched his heart and he stared intently at it.

Harvest said while patting his shoulder.

“You have achieved your purpose for coming to heaven.”

"no. You can't see that until you return safely. We have to save Arin.”

“I guess so. is that ok over there? It's been quite a while.”

Kanis handed the panel over to Harvest and went to Central Control.

“A good time for Lian to arrive. copy the record I'll try disabling the mecha system.”

Harvest put his palm on the glass plate and stamped out the entire letter. It was a way to memorize all the patterns of vibration by turning the page.

Arriving at the central control unit, Canis couldn't touch anything. A cold sweat broke out on his forehead.

I knew the principle while spying on Eureka touching the screen, but it was impossible to handle the equipment I had never seen before like an expert.

"Damn, what's so complicated?"

Kanis pressed random buttons. Could the worst mistake be anything but broken?

At some point, the entire map of Jebul appeared.

When I touched the Great World War, the screen expanded and numerous items continued in a row.

When I entered the security system, the setting to block the mecha system caught my eye. 

Kanis chose to cancel without hesitation.

Several areas that appeared dotted on the map were revealed as sharp lines.

“Kanis, I saved all the records. Since I only memorized it as a pattern, I will convert it into a language when I have time.”

"good. I also found one. Looking at the map, every area in Jebul has a portal to Ingris. In a word, this place is the heart of Jebul. So, if you ride the portal in reverse, you will be able to go to the nearest portal to the Great World War.”

Canis and Harvest ran to the edge of Ingris.

I'm glad things went well, but that didn't make things any better.

Arin is still there.

I just hoped that Lian wasn't late.

@

Ikael's memories flooded into Sirone's unconscious mind. The order of time was jumbled, but it was faster than the speed of his thoughts, so he could not feel the contradiction.

Sirone was shocked to see the form of Ra conveyed by Ikael. It was the pinnacle of bizarreness. However, the level of intelligence he contained transcended that of human beings in this world.

“Even if the parts change, the whole is perfect.”

Ra was the first intellect to realize the existence of the universe.

“The universe is something God abandoned. Doesn't anyone know that this exists! But I gave it meaning. Therefore, this universe is mine.”

The first being that Ra gave meaning to was an angel. 

The first entity in the law of causality was the second entity, and there it was further subdivided into giants and fairies. Each of them acted according to the law and spread the will of Ra.

Ikael took Sirone to a certain world. He was inhabited by countless creatures, but none of them could give meaning. & nbsp;

A two-kilometer-tall giant arrived through a dimensional door. As the giant rose, his face pierced the clouds, and the mountain ranges fell below his waist.

Ikael also told me about the giants.

The anecdote said that there are a total of 10 levels of alcohol, and among them, only giants who have reached level 6 can leave for a new world.

The giant let out a roar. The body gradually began to disintegrate, and blood and flesh fell like rain.

After a long time again... … In the place where the giant fell, humans began to appear one by one.

When the humans who created the society developed their civilization, an angel came and placed a child on the girl's body. One day the child will become a Nephilim and lead people to heaven.

As time passed, changes began to occur in human society.

Human beings with the ability to give meaning grew rapidly and eventually became intoxicated with their own power and began to distance themselves from God.

Heaven's armies came down to punish them.

The fight was one-sided. The power of Heaven was mighty, and the angels and Mara destroyed countless civilizations. 

Nevertheless, humans persisted and prospered and also repeated the same mistakes.

Then one day, a group of people who denied God appeared on the southern island of Galiantra.

The archangel Ikael himself stepped forward. Able to activate the power of all things, she amplified Galliant's volcanic activity by more than 20,000 times and caused a volcanic eruption.

Time passed quickly, and a world similar to the era in which Sirone lived unfolded.

Humans were still thriving.

Deciding that the disrespect had reached its peak, Ankera finally decided to destroy mankind.

final war. It was the end of the world.

Sirone watched the situation in heaven at the time.

A portal tens of meters high was open, and in front of it, the heavenly army of giants, fairies, and subjects was preparing to launch.

The vibrations of the angels resounded in the sky, and the roars of Maras clad in armor resonated on the ground.

'no! No way!'

Sirone forgot that the scene unfolding in front of her was the past and screamed. can never win When the army of heaven came in, the world was over.

When the sortie order was given, an enormous army rushed into the portal, led by an angel.

Sirone's spirit followed them into the portal. After passing through the colorful tunnel, I saw the exit. 

My stomach churned with tension. This is a past memory. 

But then, how the hell did humans stop the army of heaven?

'Even history has not recorded a war like that.'

As soon as the destination was in sight, the Maras screamed and burned their fighting spirit. Sirone flew ahead of them. And the moment I reached the end of the portal, I was frozen.

What unfolded before my eyes was not the original world.

A pale space with nothing. And there was a woman standing there.

It was Adrias Miro.

“Guppin, I will not forgive you.”

Miro was crying. With her alone glaring at her host, she threw out her fist and cast her spell.

Then an amazing thing happened. As if blocked by an invisible barrier, the leading maras began to stop.

The angels looked at the maze in perplexity. On the other hand, the Maras pounded the barrier and screamed.

“This unclean thing! You will pay the price for betraying Ra!”

“Remember wisely, maze! The end has only been postponed! When that time comes, I will kill you first!”

Sirone learned the whole truth.

It created another space-time between the hole in heaven and the human world and cut the connection.

that's the… … It was the construction of a maze.

A large man from the group of angels flew to the end of the portal.

It was Archangel Uriel.

“How long do you think you can endure this? There is no way to avoid the final war. we will definitely come back Make the most of the little time you have left.”

Miro bit his lip until it bled. As new time and space filled in, the distance between them increased.

Uriel glared at Miro fiercely, then turned around. Then the angels began to return to heaven one by one.

However, the Maras remained until the end and cursed. He screamed in a desperate voice until he couldn't see the maze that was gradually moving away.

Sirone also went away with the army of Heaven. But he couldn't take his eyes off the maze.

I realized why the Archmage Arcane didn't want to go to the world even while erasing his memory.

One day, there was a moment when humanity was about to perish.

And Miro, still staying in her own space, was delaying the end of the world.

5. Angel's Magic Ceremony (1)

Sirone opened her eyes.

The first thing I felt was refreshing. It was like waking up from a long sleep.

How long have you been sleeping?

Shirone, who had gone so far in her thoughts, raised herself up and shouted.

"no! Friends... … !”

Ikael reassured Sirone.

"Do not worry. It wouldn’t have taken me five minutes to fall asleep.”

“But why is the body… … ?”

“As my light penetrated, my mind became clear. I can activate everything.”

As she said, the mental strength that had been exhausted during the series of battles from Girin to Taboo was completely restored.

“Ah, thank you. I didn't even know that... … .”

"are you okay. Anyway, how does it feel to know the secret of heaven?”

Sirone traced the memories that Ikael had given her. He fainted as if he was dreaming, but it was definitely not a dream.

I found out a great fact. It was particularly shocking that Miro had done such a thing.

“The ability to connect dimension to dimension is the exclusive property of angels. However, since a long time ago, we have passed on the powers of angels to humans.”

"That's the Nephilim."

"is it so. The Nephilim play a role in guiding humans to the gods. However, some Nephilim do the opposite. Most of those civilizations break away from God's will and build their own civilization. Just like the world Sirone lived in.”

Sirone knew the reason why ancient magic equipment was different. At some point, humans got away from God's will, and the magic that developed independently was the Spirit Zone.

---------------------------------------