obituary (3)

After the 4-hour speaker training, the students were exhausted.

Among those who showed signs of exhaustion and gasped for breath were Mark and Maria, who were friends with Sirone.

"long time no see."

As Sirone approached with a smile, Mark forgot about his hardship and jumped up.

"Seniors! I really didn't expect you to come.”

Although the time they met was short, Mark and Maria were also the ones who took the graduation exam with Fishaw.

"huh. You heard it too.”

"yes. She didn't show it, but Mark, who was watching her friends, blushed and said as if he had suddenly thought of it.

“I’m sorry, senior. I wanted to catch up quickly, but I’m still in my senior year.”

It's not something you can do with just a will.

Shirone had already graduated, so it was a shame, but thinking back to that time, it was just dizzying how she managed to do it.

"are you okay. You are moving.”

Mark was also proud of that.

"Sure. I will never give up.”

As the students left for lunch, Sirone and the others chatted with the teachers in the office.

"uh? By the way, what about Miss Etella?” She was not seen during class, and even the desk in her office was missing.

“Teacher Ethella… …

Shiina chose her words carefully.

“You left school.”

“You left? Where?”

"that is??????

Shiina chose her words again, but she couldn't find any words to explain to Sirone.

Alpheas turned around.

“Okay, where are you going now? There are three days until Fishaw's funeral, so I should go home.”

“My parents are living with the Ogent family. I plan to stay there too.”

As she spoke, Sirone also realized.

'There's no Lian.'

There was no one to defend Guy's death, not even his parents.

'It's better.'

In order to raise your mind again, you should not hide behind someone else's back.

After a short meeting, Sirone and the others left Alpheas Magic School.

Since we will meet again at the funeral home, we decided to ask about Etella at that time.

Amy asked in the Noble Quarter.

“I’m going back to my parents’ house, would you like to go with Maya? You have no place to stay anyway.”

"are you okay. You can sleep in the hotel.” Sirone is extremely dry.

"no. I'm famous. Besides, the agency

Aren't there people?”

Palmers was coming down through a different route by requesting a move to the army separately.

“Don’t do that, let’s go together. Is it because you are uncomfortable with me?”

“No, not at all!”

Maya jumped up and denied it, but it was true that it was not a comfortable place for a human being.

“Then how about going to Ogent?”

“Oh, no… … That too."

This time, Maya shook her hand, but it looked much more hesitant than the first time.

“Just let me stay at the hotel. You’ll sleep in a nice place, so you won’t need security.”

Sirone also thought it would be a place where Maya would be most comfortable.

"okay. Then see you in three days.”

"huh. How are you all?”

Taking care of Amy, Maya left first and headed to the lodging facility.

"ha."

It was regretful to part with Sirone, but honestly, I felt much more at peace now.

'How long will it be like this.'

Both Sirone and Amy had personalities that couldn't hurt others, so being caught in the middle was even more miserable.

'Should I meet someone else?'

I heard the saying that you should forget the scars of trials as a new person.

However, if it were easier said than done, no one in the world would suffer from love fever.

'A man more wonderful than Sirone... …

Unable to recall what it was, Maya shook her head in frustration.

'I don't know. It's bad to think like this before a friend's funeral.'

It was a luxury hotel, but not as populated as the capital, so it was a four-story building.

The popularity of Maya in Tormia was far superior to that of other countries, so noble youth recognized her.

“Hey, over there! Right?"

"uh? I guess that's right! It's the first time I've seen it up close like this. What's wrong with Creas?"

"I know. It looks like you came alone.”

As Maya rented a room on the 4th floor and went up the central staircase, the young men met eyes.

“Shall we ask to play together?” It was a match that had to come down.

Cross family's training room. In the narrow stone chamber barely fit for a desk, Cayden was sitting cross-legged.

“The Fate of the Red Cross.”

After leaving the magic school and returning to his hometown, he only spent time in the training room.

"Kaden, it's time to leave."

Cayden's father opened the door and came in.

He sighed as he turned his gaze to the portrait of Maya clinging tightly to the stone chamber.

'How long... …

At first I asked who it was, but Cayden said nothing.

However, as time passed, I learned that the person in the portrait was Maya, a world-famous singer.

'How old are you, fell for Yein?'

Caden opened his mouth.

“I’ll leave in one more hour.”

“Honey, at least you shouldn’t be late for your classmate’s funeral. How long are you going to live like this?”

the world is confused

Even when the representative lineage of Tormia, the Cross family, has to step in, the enemy is crazy about singers.

“Tell me something. Even when she left magic school, she didn't say anything. But what is it? I don’t practice, and I shut myself up every day and draw.”

“You don’t need to practice, Father.”

Since the name Cayden is worth it, my father asked with expectant eyes.

“… … Have you attained enlightenment?”

“I don’t even need enlightenment.”

“Then what! What the hell did you do by locking yourself in here for so long!”

“I am accepting it.”

As golden energy radiated from Cayden's body, his father took a step back.

“This, this… …

Red Cross of Sacrifice.

From the start, what Caden needed wasn't bloody training or extreme enlightenment.

“I will accept my fate.” give up maya

If that was possible, the Red Cross would elevate Cayden to the greatest of all time.

* ? ?

Upon arriving at the Ogent family, Sirone burst into tears at the reunion with her parents.

Bischoff, the head of the household, and Reina, who had just come down to the family home, were watching them happily.

However, the impression was short-lived, and Sirone's face soon turned cold as she was far from her parents.

“I have something to tell you.”

"okay. There are many things we want to hear.” Bischoff sat down at the table of honor and offered a seat, but Sirone knelt down on the cold floor.

Rayna stood up again.

“Sirone? what are you doing? Why are you doing that?”

"for a moment… … Please listen to me.”

Reina sat down again at Sirone's serious tone, and the conversation began.

He spoke calmly, but honestly.

From the time I first met Gai, to the incident where Yahweh's anger was revealed.

“My older brother...

Guy is dead.

Vincent and Olina buried their faces in their hands, and Reina's staggering knees bent.

"brother Brother......

In the end, Raina couldn't stand it and cried.

burst

Even in the pain of stabbing her heart with a dagger, Sirone just looked down at the ground.

“It was I who killed Guy.”

When Sirone once again stated the facts, Bischoff was the first to speak.

There was a rage that could not be concealed.

“Do you know Ryan?”

"yes."

“What did he say?”

“It has nothing to do with Ryan.”

Sirone was adamant, and it was clear to Bischoff what Lian would have done.

'It's not Sirone's fault.'

Everyone would think so, but from Bischoff's point of view, his son was dead.

“Guy has betrayed humanity. You ruined the family's honor. No one in the world will blame you.”

“That's why I came here.”

Bischoff stood up.

“I guess so. Are you my son's enemy? so… … What are you going to do now'?”

Reina, who had been sobbing, widened her eyes when she saw Bischoff pulling out a sword.

“Dad, what are you doing?” As the blade approached Sirone, Vincent and Olina's faces turned pale.

“Go, my lord… …

Vincent spoke in a trembling voice, but Bischoff's life was not disturbed.

“Why is that? My child is dead, so you mean to forgive Mr. Vincent's child?”

“That, that… …

Vincent kept his mouth shut.

If the dead person had been Si Lorne rather than Guy, would he have been able to forgive the Ogent family?

“Let me ask you something.” Sirone raised her head with the knife hanging from her throat.

“Yes, please.”

"really… … Were you really helpless? i know how strong you are Can you be sure there was no other option but to kill?”

"no."

Bischoff's face contorted.

“Choose your words carefully.”

Sirone thought again.

“I have already thought about it countless times. The answer is the same. If I had been a little better in my judgment, Guy would not have died.”

"ha."

Bischoff, who drew his sword, returned to his seat.

“Why don't you make excuses? You know I need a reason to forgive you Do you want to become an enemy? Even so, we have no power to kill you.”

"I don't know."

Sirone said honestly.

“What am I supposed to do. I just thought I would get the answer if I came here.”

Because it's not an answer you can find on your own.

"good."

Bischoff said.

“Even if I forgive you, nothing will change. It's a matter of emotion. And emotions take time.”

I could understand.

No, just being able to suppress his emotions to this extent made Bischoff a superhuman.

“There is one condition.''

The ethos of the big sword is not cowardly, so Sirone nodded her head obediently.

"yes. I will follow whatever.”

“Forget it. I allow it. At least until this war is over, don't mind the things about Gai.”

“My lord… …

“Not for you. Because from now on you will have to show that my son's death was not in vain.” Tears ran down Sirone's cheeks.

"thank you. thank you."

I finally realized why I thought that the Ogent family would have answers.

There was dignity here.

“Then let’s go.”

As Sirone prepared to leave, Vincent and Olina followed suit.

“Head of the household, then we too… … Rayna came out.

“Dad, I mean, what if I send it for real? Sirone's parents are also in trouble.”

Not accepting Sirone was a form of punishment, but there was no need to complicate the situation.

Bischoff, who had been staring at Reina, stood up as if he had made up his mind.

“Okay, let’s go out. I also need to inform you of Guy's obituary. Sirone, follow me too.”

Rayna asked.

“Are you going out together? two people?” Bischoff, ignoring his daughter's words, turned to Sirone and said,

“Are you drinking?”