[255] Another Sky (5)

If you possess Ataraxia, the reputation of Alpheas Magic School will rise at once. Moreover, with Olivia's help, it was possible to destroy the stronghold of the Royal Magic School.

After thinking that far, Alpheas spoke quietly.

“THAAD.”

Sade approached and bowed his head.

“Yes, Master.”

“Collect 2,000 black boxes right now. should not be given to anyone. And destroy it in front of Sirone. Make sure Sirone confirms that it has been destroyed.”

"All right."

Sade answered without muttering and bowed his head. 

His bracelet also had a crystal ball destroyed. 

While managing 2,000 times, I felt that the situation could be more serious than expected as it had never happened before.

Of course, the bigger the incident, the more the name of the school would become known, but if it was Alpheas' order, there was no need to think privately.

Olivia's ferocious gaze turned to wonder.

I've known for a long time that I have a personality that doesn't know how to compromise, but I didn't know that I would make such a tight decision.

“Are you okay? The black box contains all the information about this confrontation. Not only Dante's Pascal, but also Sirone's magic circle. It would be a great help if you just copied it. Even if the kingdom puts security on it, it will cost a lot of money to take it.”

Olivia looked at it subtly, but Alpheas didn't even worry about it.

“It belongs to Sirone. No one can access information without Sirone's permission.”

“Maybe Sirone will allow it. Think carefully. You can make decisions for the prosperity of your alma mater, and above all, it is to contribute to the wizarding community. Sirone is also benefiting from the achievements of many genius mages.”

Olivia was right at first glance. Without the noble sacrifice, challenge, effort and talent passed down from the ancestors, mankind's magic would not have developed to this point.

That's why Alpheas also submitted a paper on quantum theory that revolutionized photon magic as if dedicating it to the nation.

However, Alpheas' thoughts did not change.

“As long as Sirone is alive, you can always choose. But not now. It's something you just have to decide for yourself when you really feel the need. Presenting options in this way is no different from forcing them.”

Olivia chuckled and clicked her tongue. In the past and now, to be honest, it was first class.

'but… … That's why I liked it.'

The confrontation was over, but no students left.

The highlight of this duel. It was to watch Dante kneel down to Sirone.

However, Dante, who was defeated, was not able to open his eyes easily even with the teachers' recovery magic.

Sabina shook her head and wept.

“Dante loses. no, it can't be like this I've beaten a lot of strong players so far, but the record of being undefeated in a rural school like this can't be broken.”

“Sabina, calm down. For now, let’s just hope that Dante is safe.”

Closer grabbed Sabina by the shoulder and calmed her down. But Sabina, already full of her emotions, could not accept her reality.

Isn't there such a day in life? The day when variables that cannot happen with common sense continue to arise and everything gets twisted.

For Dante, today is such a day.

“Dante is invincible! The synchro rate was also 50%. At the Royal Academy of Magic, I even fought with 100% accuracy! There's no way I could lose to a country boy like that!”

“Hmph, yes, it’s just a simulation.”

At Canis' words, Sabina jerked her head away.

"what?"

“Dante never fought a giant. Even with an archangel.”

“What are you talking about? Mocking Dante is unacceptable!”

“I mean, have you ever risked your life against an enemy you could never defeat? It doesn't matter if it's 2,000 times or if the sync rate is 100%. It's not like that in real life.”

Sabina gritted her teeth.

Amy continued.

“Dante doesn’t know how to fight. Of course, it's a skill that can be eaten in real life. But Sirone always risked her life until she came to this place.”

Canis nodded.

“Two thousand times. It's not like real life. But isn't it real? That kind of thing isn't very fun. Do you know what it's like to risk your life? When you stand on the border between life and death, thinking stops and all you want to do is live. In such a situation, somehow maintaining reason and fighting, that’s what real combat is all about.”

Sabina was fussy like a child. Because she had been lynched by Nade, she could understand what Katniss was talking about.

However, they do not know what kind of determination Dante fought with.

Even if you demean it as a simulation, there is a fact that does not change even if you ridicule that you only fought against opponents who can win.

For Dante, the 2,000 battles were everything in life.

Tears welled in Sabina's eyes.

"no. I mean no. Dante... … Dante really fought for his life.”

There was silence for a while. Sirone's friends also didn't want to mock Dante's group anymore.

No, to be honest, the pain they ran amok for a semester couldn't be solved with this. 

But Dante was strong. To the extent that it is enjoyable to be colleagues competing on the same line. Even though he lost to Sirone, as a result, his friends saved face and fell down.

After an awkward time, Dante finally came to his senses.

The students who were talking excitedly kept silent all at once and turned their heads 2,000 times.

I felt sorry for Sabina and Closer. I would rather have passed out by the end of the day, but the problem was that the student with the best defense was also quick to recover.

As Sirone approached, the students even held their breath. Dante struggled to look up at Sirone, then lowered his head again to see if it would help. And he started muttering something to himself.

Sirone waited patiently.

Finally Dante stopped muttering and raised his head again.

There is no more exchange of information. Winners and losers were decided, and all that was left was to collect the loot.

“Kill him.”

Dante made a shocking declaration.

Sirone kept her mouth shut and glared at Dante.

A murmur was heard everywhere. She never thought that she would rather die than fall to her knees.

Words flowed out, saying that he was immature and that he acted unbecoming of a man.

But Sabina knew. Dante's words were neither forced nor childish.

-I will become the greatest wizard. To do that, you have to train 2,000 times like a real fight.

-But Dante, no matter how much, 2,000 times is a simulation. There is a judgment, and there is no choice but to be different from the actual battle.

Sabina could not forget what Dante had said at the time.

- I guess so. But you can't become a great wizard by training like other students. So I decided. If I lose in two thousand, it will mean my death.

Of course, I was young. 

Sabina also thought it was nothing more than a determination to make up her mind before a match.

However, as time passed, I came to know Dante's true heart.

There were really many situations where I could have lost while playing 150 or 200 matches.

But in the end, Dante was victorious.

After 400 wars passed like that, Dante must have felt the feeling that the words of the time had become blades and were driving him.

As a result, Dante grew rapidly, and achieved a phenomenal record of 472 wins in 472 matches.

Alpheas felt that things were taking an unusual turn.

“I thought you were thinking like that.”

I turned to Olivia, but she also shook her head as if I had never heard of it. I never expected that Dante would really risk his life in a confrontation. The will to become the best wizard is good, but it goes too far for an 18-year-old boy.

Then I suddenly realized.

As an 18-year-old boy, the pressure to keep the top spot must have been even greater.

How good it was to be featured in a magazine, admired by all students, and knocked out rivals.

Dante's motive for making an extreme choice was obviously his own responsibility.

Dante said it again, as if he wasn't lying.

“Kill it. I never thought of losing to anyone. it's my defeat If you don't want to get your hands dirty, I'll do it myself. But I will never kneel to you.”

Sirone lowered his head and sighed.

Dante was making a very grave mistake. How you handle your life is your own mind, but if you say it out of your mouth, it will hurt someone and anger someone.

“Because I lost… … Are you going to die?”

"okay. That is my resolution for this confrontation.”

"why? What are you like?”

The students widened their eyes in amazement. Dante shuddered with shame. But at this moment, the person with the most intense emotions was Sirone.

"If you ask others to kneel so easily, you're saying you can't even do that?"

“You sound stupid. I really risked my life. I’m saying that I, who might become my lifelong rival, will disappear on my own.”

“Are you that great?”

Dante's impression crumpled again. Although we lost, we had a good fight. He thought that if it was Sirone, he would understand his feelings.

“You think you paid for the name of being the best talent in the kingdom? Of course, I have no intention of making excuses. But you also didn't beat me easily, did you?"

“The best of the kingdom? so what can you do? Are you saying that even war can be stopped?”

"what?"

“If you are such a great person, change even one small thing. You can't do anything. But what the hell are you risking your life for defeat?”

Dante's expression was distorted, but Sirone continued to shoot.

“No war, no famine, no civil war, nothing can stop it. But what? best kingdom? Are you great?”

Dante came short of breath. Every word from Sirone pierced her head, chest, and heart like a dagger. it's falling like that Something about her was falling into the abyss.

“Even if you die, the world will not change. No one takes your death seriously.”

Dante couldn't stand it any longer. I felt like I would fall all the way to the bottom if I stayed like this.

"shut up! Are you arrogant just because you won once? Shall we really stick together this time?”

“Dante.”

Sirone looked at him with pitying eyes.

“You are just human.”

Dante's face went pale. It felt like something around his own shell had been shattered.

Suddenly, Kanis's words came to mind.

-Because you'll feel like you're being stepped on as far as you can imagine.

It wasn't a fight in the first place. What Kanis said was true without any exaggeration.

“No archmage, no, no one can change the world alone. Because you are human. That's why you have no right to die.”

The students were silent with solemn hearts. So were those who mocked Sirone as a coward for refusing to fight Dante.

The business card of the kingdom's greatest talent.

It was definitely a name like a dream for an aspiring wizard. However, from a distance, he was also a subhuman notion created by human hands.

“That child… … ?”

Olivia asked Alpheas. Who Shirone was would be detailed in her student records, but that wasn't what she wanted to know.

Alpheas finally confessed the truth.

“Sirone… … met maze And I met Archangel Ichael in Heaven.”

Olivia turned her head with a surprised expression.

Alpheas smiled bitterly and nodded.

"okay. You are one of the few humans who know the truth.”

Olivia was deep in thought. 

Even now, this world is maintained by one wizard. 

Knowing that fact, in Sirone's eyes, everything in human affairs must have looked even more insignificant.

“He’s a strong kid. Most would have been terrified or resigned.”

“It wasn't like that from the start. He was a shy, talkative kid.”

Alpheas remembered the day he met Sirone. The 12-year-old boy, who had been wading through his classes with his ears over his wall, has now grown into a promising prospect anywhere in the kingdom.

---------------------------------------