[219] 7. Heaven (2)

Baalb, called the god of anesthesia in some civilizations, was a Mara who put all living things to sleep and transplanted them into his organs.

Sleep degrades living things to the status of inanimate objects. 

Organisms captured by Baalb were no different from objects, and they had to live as organs of the monster for the rest of their lives.

- Anecdotal drinking progress 90%.

A Baalb weighing more than 100 tons chased after Sirone, struggling with its humble body. Something like the forelimb of a quadruped protruded from her shoulder and struck her to the floor.

The Great World War resounded.

"Kiki! How are you? It is the power of 260 lions. Sooner or later you too will become part of my body.”

- Anecdotal drinking progress rate of 91%.

When the 90% was exceeded, voices came out in 1% increments. Sirone's heart sank at the fact that there was only 9 percent left.

“… … Lorne! Sirone!”

I came to my senses at the words Canis called.

“Where are you selling your mind? If you have something prepared, do it quickly. Could it be that you didn't attack blindly?"

If it was because the level of magic had improved a little, Kanis was just thinking of casting a dark worm on himself. 

When I died, I died. I didn't want to be a part of the sleeping horse and suffer forever.

After hearing Canis' words, Sirone remembered the magic circle that Ikael had given her.

However, even if they could create a halo, they could not use it immediately like the angels.

“There is one thing… … .”

“Then do it! Why are you procrastinating!”

Twenty crab legs protruded from Baalb's lower body.

As the fast-moving legs pushed through the 100-ton weight, Sirone and Canis flung sideways at the same time.

Baalb, who jumped 10 meters, crushed the place where they were. 

The Great World War shook and iron powder fell from the ceiling.

“I need time. Can you give me a minute?”

Canis sighed. Was it like that after all? 

But how long can you hold on to Lee Gak Mara, who is difficult to deal with even with a sober mind?

“Ten seconds. I can't stand any more than that.”

“I’ll ask you for one minute.”

As soon as Sirone left, Baalb swung the octopus' leg. The moment Canis fluttered like a flying squirrel, wet tentacles broke the floor.

“Kihehehe! Running away is fine. Well, that's the only advantage of weak things.”

"joy! To be arrogant about a dull subject.”

Kanis calmed down and counted the time. The difference in power is extreme, but if you focus only on evasion, there is no possibility at all. Doesn't that mean mosquitoes can't escape for a minute just because they can't beat humans?

Lian grabbed the greatsword and stood up.

"I… … I have to go.”

I couldn't stay still forever. Since Sirone was preparing something of her own, she had to drag out at least some time with Kanis.

Then Peope looked outside and shouted.

"I… … that!"

Rian turned to see Ymir, the king of giants, running towards him with furious eyes. It was clear that she was targeting the humiliated sirone. 

As he tackled with all his strength, Ymir's body was pushed aside. Rian, who rolled on the floor, grabbed his greatsword and blocked the way to Sirone...

'what? why?'

I risked my life, but I didn't know that Ymir would be pushed back. She felt weaker than before.

Ymir shook his knees and stood up.

“Third. But it doesn't sound like much fun now, does it?"

“I am Sirone's sword. I can never approach you until I die.”

Thanks to Peope's telepathy, they are now able to understand each other's words. However, Ymir frowned in disappointment.

“You are wrong. Power does not exist to protect something. Destruction is the essence of power. You who don't realize it will never be able to stop me.”

Ymir moved like the wind. Her strength decreased, but her agility seemed to increase.

A shower of hits hit Lian's body. Since Lian was already ruined, he couldn't even counterattack.

But I was satisfied with that. As long as she's alive, Ymir won't go to Sirone.

'Let's hold on. If I hold on a little longer, I'll be able to die comfortably.'

Ymir's eyes began to grow red. No matter how beaten he was, Lian did not fall. Even after destroying everything she could see, she held on as if there was something left.

“Rian! Ryan! Stop it, you bastard!”

Tess shouted with her tear-stained face.

“Please stop hitting me! Then I will die!”

Ymir's attacks did not stop. It was madness different from what you would feel in a normal battle.

The feeling of life colliding with life was transmitted to the skin.

fun. He was a very funny person.

“Awesome! It is my mission to destroy you!”

Lian's body shook with a tearing sound. 

Tess closed her eyes. still looked The fact that Rian was dying was transmitted through the five senses.

She cried out to Kariel with tears in her eyes.

"okay! I'll give birth to you! I will give birth to any number of Nephilim, so please stop!”

Kariel did not waver.

“It is natural to give birth to Nephilim. And Ymir is not under my control.”

- 96% progress in the art of life.

Ymir stopped his attack and took a deep breath. she was shocked What the hell is this human made of?

dead. No, it was normal to die.

Even the energy of life could not be found in the appearance of standing without even raising the guard.

But he was still holding the greatsword.

How? All the muscles in his right arm were crushed. It was impossible to lift iron only with the strength of ligaments.

'No, it's just a corpse. It has hardened as it is.'

It was clear that I had won, but I didn't feel like I had won.

“I will put an end to it!”

Ymir gritted his teeth. She extended her stride and raised her fist, intending to deliver the final blow.

At that moment, I saw Lian's greatsword rise. also very slowly. When I widened my field of view to the whole world, only he was moving in the great world war.

'Sheesh! Is this again?'

Ymir, who has experienced numerous wars, describes this as a seesaw of time. When the speed of the world suddenly soared, it was a phenomenon in which time passed relatively slowly from the point of view of accepting it.

As one side speeds up, the other side slows down. 

Conversely, it meant that Lian's arm was moving as fast as Ymir's time passed slowly.

'Damn it!'

Ymir realized why the boy standing in front of him could move even when his body was broken.

Mind is not destroyed. That undestroyed spirit was directly moving the body.

A technique that completely transcends the mechanism of living things, in which the body moves when the mind gives instructions.

It was an incarnation technique that only the highest-ranking giants could do.

Since schema was originally a technique of giants, incarnation was also similar to a concept in the human world.

Tests that strengthen the brain in the schema control the body through a mental lock. 

However, if it goes too far, the mind and body are integrated into one, and the body follows what you think.

In the human world, this phenomenon is called 'divine transcendence'.

'haha. I wish it had been like this from the beginning.'

Ymir twisted his body as he glared at Lian's greatsword pointed at the ceiling.

The moment I thought I had leaned in enough to avoid it, the speed of time rapidly returned.

Lian's greatsword disappeared from sight. At the same time, the severed right arm rotated in the air.

Ymir's face turned bitter. The faster Ryan moves, the slower time passes. Even so, the fact that she couldn't avoid it perfectly meant that she couldn't avoid it from the beginning.

Puff puff puff puff!

The moment the greatsword hit the ground, Lian's right arm exploded. His torn muscles were tattered and his bones all exposed.

The body could not withstand the speed of divine transcendence.

- 97% progress in the art of life.

The wine of life was now approaching its end. And human life also went to the end. Hit by Baalb's tentacles, Canis flew dozens of meters and crashed into a wall.

and didn't wake up

“Baalb, stop it.”

“Yes, Mr. Kariel!”

After defeating Canis, Baalb charged Sirone. The first minute promised had already passed. But so far, no change has occurred in Sirone.

“Sirone! Dangerous!"

Sirone didn't hear anything. In the process of opening the immortal function to the limit and returning it, he had no room for his nerves to be involved.

“Hahaha! You will put me on the ugliest part of me!”

Something like a scorpion's tail protruded from Baalb's back. Black water droplets hung at the tip of the saliva. 

It was a powerful sleeping poison that even a dragon would be anesthetized once inserted.

At that moment, Sirone's eyes flashed open. Phew! A circle with a diameter of 2 meters was born, and Baalb's attack bounced back with a shock wave.

A puzzled light flashed across Kariel's face as she watched it.

'no way? No, it can't be.'

Humans cannot use the powers of angels. It was not something the human mind could comprehend.

But why are you anxious? What is this low, suffocating feeling?

“Baalb! There is no time!"

“Keeeeeeeeeee!”

Hearing Kariel's instructions, Baalb screamed and launched a physical attack. His hideous face was engulfed in horror.

As Sirone's halo rotated at the speed of light, a red dot was embedded in the center. Subsequently, the first magic circle began to bring in numerous concepts.

Angel's Magic Circle.

Infinite Judicial Halo Halo.

Kariel, who looked at the numerous magic circles rising like lotuses from the halo, was astonished.

It really was Halo.

It doesn't make sense for humans to realize themselves. Clearly, someone passed it on to him.

who the hell Where is the mad angel in heaven to teach humans how to halo?

While Kariel couldn't get out of the shock, Feope was blown away by the women.

"hurry! hurry!"

"okay! Hang in there!"

When he applied the force of the spiral, the handcuffs twisted.

Thanks to Canis cutting off more than half of them, the handcuffs were easily destroyed even with Peope's ability.

Even in the meantime, Kariel couldn't take her eyes off Halo. 

What was happening in front of my eyes was a more serious problem than the Nephilim.

The angel's betrayal was a major event that shook the foundation of heaven.

I had to know. who passed it on.

And it had to be destroyed.

Baalb mobilized all kinds of tools to crush Sirone. However, the attack stopped before reaching the body as if blocked by an invisible barrier.

“Kyik! Kiik!”

I tried my best, but it was irresistible. Just as a child cannot kill its mother, the authority of a higher being recorded in the law was blocking access itself.

As the colorful flashes hit the Halo, numerous magic circles were created and interlocked like gears.

As soon as the density of information exceeded 80 percent, the concept changed rapidly and the rotation speed increased.

The rotational speed of the halo beyond imagination was as if it would disrupt the world with just that.

Realizing the concept contained in the magic circle, Baalb's face went pale. Her legs thumped and thumped her ass. & nbsp;

Mara encountered what she feared the most.

“Hee! Ata... … ! Ata... … !”

Baalb mobilized all of his movable organs and crawled towards Kariel. However, he was so engrossed that he had no mechanism to push the ground properly.

Baalb, who had given up on living, looked back and shouted.

“Kariel! Avoid! This is Ataraxia, the Super Magic Amplification Form!”

Kariel knew. But he didn't move. All sorts of thoughts filled her head, and time seemed to stop passing.

It's ataraxia.

Heaven's strongest judge who subdued countless angels. It was Ikael's monopoly on making any Mara scream.

Has such an ability been passed on to humans?

It will not be. 

Rather, it was more plausible that Ikael, who was standing over there, looked like a boy because of his own eyes.

'Ikael, really... … Have I gone mad?'

No, I'm not crazy. 

She sincerely intended to stop the war. Giving up even her honor as the strongest angel, she decided to side with humans.

-98 percent information transfer rate.

Kariel's body trembled. 2 percent left now. But Ataraxia is waiting.

I could see Sirone's eyes glaring at him. Are humans really able to speak?

It may be a trick. The wine of life must go on. But if the current situation is real... … .

he will perish

“Ikaeehell!”

At the same time as Kariel let out a rage, Sirone's photon cannon was fired.

---------------------------------------