[495] That afternoon (3)

“What is that again?”

Kuan was the first to show aggression and approached.

Although he was human, he was a man with a strange impression that somehow fell short of the standard.

"I am… … What were you born to accomplish?”

His features were shabby and ugly, and the exposed skin from the neck down was covered with the chitin of Garras.

His fingers were pouty, as if they were wearing steel gloves, and thick, sharp hair grew like a porcupine.

Nephilim, nameless (unnamed), who was born by Adio, the angel of achievement.

From the moment he was born, the name was not important to him who came all the way to this place following the question in his heart that had been placed like a calling.

As Moo-myeong looked at the sword Quan was holding, he opened his hands wide, and the light exploded in front of his palms, and before he knew it, two swords were lifted.

Quan raised one eyebrow and looked at him displeasedly. Nameless raised his sword and said:

“What is the name of this object?”

It was strange that he implemented the sword without knowing what it was, but Quan was honest.

“It is a sword.”

"It's a sword. How do you write it?”

“If you ask me how I write… … .”

Kuan pulled out external gravity and threw himself.

"I'll answer that it's written like this."

Quan's body, which had eaten the rapid rotation, swung the sword in front of the nameless like a top.

At that moment, the nameless realized.

The fact that that sword would sooner or later decapitate and drop one's life.

bang!

A pair of nameless swords blocked the way, and Quan's sword struck above them.

Neither technique nor tactics, just defense to sustain life.

It was only thanks to the physical condition inherited from the angel and Karas that he was able to block the sword of the Kaizen Swords Academy instructor.

Sparks flew as the blade scratched the blade, and Nameless' body was pushed back and crashed into the wall.

He managed to keep his balance and mumbled something with his head lowered, still not loosening his defenses.

Quan felt rather strange at the bland response.

'Don't you know swordsmanship? Then what is it, the intense feeling of strangeness when I first saw it?'

After finishing his thoughts, the nameless head finally lifted.

"I get it."

"what?"

Quan grabbed his sword and strode away.

“What is a sword?”

The nameless figure disappeared from Quan's sight.

Since all the functions of the schema were Kuan focused on the movement, it could not happen just because it was fast.

Searching for traces of the missing enemy, Kuan's pupils were fixed deep on the left.

kang! And the swords clashed again, but this time the situation was completely reversed.

'Can't you react?'

Is human thought really infinitely free?

It was a topic that never left Quan's mind from the moment he grabbed the sword.

And the conclusion he had reached while swinging his sword was clearly 'not so'.

Human thinking seems to be free, but when a truly free being looks down, it is extremely mechanical and bound to patterns.

In order to overcome the limits of that thought, Kuan has been practicing movement throughout his life and has reached the present state.

But  The now unknown movement transcended even his thoughts.

'Swordsmanship... … Did you know?'

Suddenly, such a question crossed his mind, but Quan quickly changed his mind.

It's not like I already knew it, but I'm growing as I clash swords.

'No, this is indeed an evolutionary level.'

Explosive swordsmanship growth or enlightenment that could not be explained otherwise.

The nameless twin swords gradually began to wield in a trajectory that deviated from Quan's common sense, inflicting fatal wounds on Quan's body in just five minutes.

“Keugh!”

Quan, who had been cut in the chest, rotated to check the approach and retreated to the end of the hallway.

The humiliation as a swordsman hurt more than the wound in his chest.

If he were the first to pick up the sword today, he would have caught up with all the achievements that Quan had achieved in 30 years in just 5 minutes.

'Is it possible?'

Nameless is a Nephilim who is a hybrid between the Angel of Achievement and Karas.

Through this deformed crossbreeding, which may be the first in the history of heaven, new traits were manifested in Nameless.

As the spirit of an angel pursuing a lofty spirit was combined with Garas, the transcendent desire for reproduction was converted into a desire for achievement.

If Garas only pursued reproduction, what constituted the spirit of obscurity was only the understanding of technology and a deeper realm that transcended it.

Ignorance was breaking through at a tremendous speed the barriers that a human being would have to overcome over many years through ceaseless training.

I want to do better. I want to do better. I want to do better.

Like a hole that sucks in anything, the obscenity took Quan's 30-year swordsmanship intact and sublimated it to a higher level.

In the face of an attack that showed that state of mind in his swordsmanship, Kuan was busy defending at best.

'I can't do this! It can't be like this!'

He clenched his teeth and desperately endured, but the unknown swordsmanship was more tenaciously surpassing the limits of his ideas.

“We have to help!”

The moment Armin and Shiina were about to cast a spell on Nameless, Quan shouted with the momentary composure obtained by wringing out all kinds of hair.

"no! Run away!”

Only those who have personally fought can understand the fear of unknown.

However, it was after Armin and Shiina had already taken action.

Armin cast flicker magic to distract the unnamed gaze, and Shiina fired seven ice spears at the same time.

Thanks to this, Quan was able to escape from the brink of death, but he knew that the cost would be many times greater.

Anonymous, who spread the distance to avoid the ice spear, immediately showed interest in the magicians' skills.

“What is that?”

A high level of improvement far beyond human imagination hit the brain of an unknown person.

'Would! Would! Would! Would!'

That colossal desire raised all the functions of ignorance to the limit, and the Spirit Zone opened immediately.

Armin, who felt the unknown spirit zone with synesthesia, was on the verge of getting goosebumps.

It is not simply finding the focus of the mind.

'I opened the immortal function.'

The unknown who cast the flicker magic went back to Armin and swung his sword.

In front of his ability to use the spirit zone and schema at the same time, Armin leaned back with a feeling that his hair stood on end.

When the sword missed, Nameless immediately cast magic and fired an ice spear at Shiina.

Only then did Armin realize why Kuan couldn't even use his hands and had to be pushed back.

'damn! How can a creature like this!'

It is a foul.

No genius can instantly copy the magic of freezing used by a certified 5th grade wizard.

But it was just an emotional resentment, and in fact Armin knew it.

The fact that there is no such thing as cheating in this world.

If you have already been born that way, no matter what bizarreness it contains, it is just reality.

'I can't escape as long as I've mastered the flicker magic.'

Armin's cool-headed brain couldn't catch the standard of judgment in front of a creature he had never experienced before.

The only possibility is to mobilize all forces right away to eliminate the nameless.

However, if the growth rate of obscurity exceeds his expectations, it was them who would rather be eaten.

Even so, it would be appropriate to choose the former, but in a situation where the risk of Shiina was guaranteed with a high probability, the judgment would be different.

'We have to save Shiina. No matter what the cost of her, she must return to her home as safe as she is.'

That was the only gift I could risk my life to give to my younger sister whom I had loved all my life.

Armin hugged Shiina, who was unable to even use her hands in front of an unknown chaotic movement, and rolled on the floor.

“Isn’t there anything more fun?”

The moment Nameless rushed in with his mad eyes raised, Armin realized what he had to do.

'I'm sorry, Kuan.'

At the same time as the nameless sword drew an X, Armin put a stop magic barrier around Shiina and himself.

“Huh!”

Moo-myeong hurriedly stopped the sword just before it was stopped.

It was an action that was absolutely impossible with normal inertia, and was only possible with unknown realization.

'What is this?'

The unknown Spirit John immediately analyzed the abnormality of the stop magic and transmitted it to the brain.

Even if I had moved forward a little more, I would have been tied up in a place where time stopped.

Armin hugged Shiina and looked at the nameless beyond the barrier with a nervous expression.

Since the inside of the station field was emptied, the two of them were free from the timeline, and they intended to take Shiina and run away as soon as they saw the slightest gap in the unknown.

'If you get to the stop... … .'

Just thinking about it is terrifying.

Maybe I should have died right here.

However, for Armin, who only Shiina was everything, it was an option that he didn't even have to choose from the beginning.

“Hmm, that’s it, right?”

Moo-myeong savored the stop's force field for a while, then opened her eyes and cast magic.

As Armin and Shiina watched with nervous expressions, Nameless's head gently tilted to the side.

"what? can't you?”

Armin's heart, which had been beating like crazy, calmed down for a moment in a sigh of relief.

* * *

“Don’t think that this is over. Ra will never tolerate your existence... … Keugh!”

With a popping sound, another ordinary angel exploded with Satan's hand holding its neck.

Equipped with the concept of Satan, Frank Wein found and dealt with the hidden angels one by one like a game of hide and seek, and as their number decreased, the seesaw of the law quickly tilted.

“It’s cool. I don’t even send a message with Pyeongangsa.”

Literally the law beyond the law.

No matter how great the concept the angels are armed with, they cannot have any influence as much as Satan.

thud! thud!

Two echoes pierced the ceiling of the jebul and pierced the hallway where Frank Wine was.

“Hoo? How about this time?”

The corner of Frank Wein's mouth went up at the appearance of the big man.

The archangels of combination and disintegration, Methiel and Satiel, each possessing the concept of the source of strong and weak power, have arrived.

“The insignificant rat that was hiding on the other side of the law is running amok, unaware of the fear of the world.”

Methiel walked away with a cold gaze.

Realizing that Metatron had disappeared by looking down, the two archangels immediately flew to Jebul.

In order to balance the seesaw of the law, it would be best for them to avoid it, but at present, all the ordinary angels in Jebul are hiding according to the order of Ra.

If the number of ordinary angels decreased further here, even if all the archangels gathered, they could not guarantee a victory, so they chose to settle the matter as quickly as possible.

“Do you really think so, Archangel? It's not me who fears, isn't it Ra of the law?”

“Don’t talk like a mongrel whose concept is unclear, pretending to be noble. I am very offended.”

As Methiel slowly raised his hand, Satiel, who was standing next to her, also spread her halo.

Metatron's gravitational force is a pure expression of the original concept.

Therefore, it is highly likely that Satan, who is powerful but invincible to the law, worked rather favorably.

However, Methiel and Satiel are different.

When the two archangels are combined, there is plenty of room for secondary applications as they can freely handle all the particles in the world.

“It’s fun to see pretty girls doing aegyo.”

At Satan's provocation, Methiel and Satiel flew at the same time.

As the strong and weak forces were combined, the objects melted like paint, and the scenery of Buddhist jebul changed into something completely different that could not exist in this world.

Bizarre substances that were not even named were manifested with extraordinary characteristics, and bizarre phenomena that could never be imagined by the intellect began to occur around Satan.

In a landscape like an abstract painting painted by a madman, two archangels unleashed a terrifying attack on Satan.

Radiation blasted out and harassed Satan's cells, and the atmosphere, which generated super-high heat just by touching it, burned Satan's entire body.

“Great!”

Particles that distort time restrain Satan's hands and feet, and metal that distorts space molded his body into clay.

“Let’s finish with this.”

At Methiel's words, Satiel nodded and rushed.

Normally, the two angels are like rivals, but in battle, there would be no other partner in Heaven that would be such a good match.

---------------------------------------