The sun rises at night (1)

said Mika.

- Solar change detection. Sirone Spear's completion is 0.3 seconds ahead.

Sirone's eyes lit up.

'done!'

I don't know how Ikael did it, but the end point was pushed slightly.

'that's enough.'

- 99.99 percent of the workload.

It was just before the birth of the best artificial structure in the universe, dozens of times larger than the sun.

"ha."

It was spectacular.

“Sathiel!”

Ikael shouted.

'I'm sorry... … ;;

Rather, it was what he had to say.

'I knew.'

Satiel's feelings for Guffin.

It wasn't that I was particularly concerned about it, and it wasn't that I hit the ball because I was blinded by jealousy.

'just.'

That's how it happened.

Fight like crazy, fall in love, run away from Anchera and have children... … .

'no.'

Could it be that she remained in a corner of his heart and escaped to this point?

Ikael wept.

“Sathiel.”

I should have said it right away.

"Sorry."

I mean I loved you too

- Whoops.

Satiel gave a pretty smile.

"iced coffee??????

It was the face of the angel Ikael remembered, the best and most righteous angel in the 100 watchs.

Her voice seemed to be heard at the end of extinction.

-how are you.

“Aaaaa.”

Satiel left Ikael, whose emotions were as pure as tears.

from existence to non-existence.

In the process of integrating with the entire universe, Satiel met Sirone.

-name.

I wish I could have built it.

Perhaps it was the apologetic touch that Guffin and Ikael had extended for her.

- Sirone. that's a cool name

Although the body disappeared, she held the back of the boy who was fighting the god with her heart.

-you can do it.

Sirone felt it.

A special force rushing in from a minute area that humans cannot observe.

'Goes!'

As the Sirone Sphere was completed, all information contained in the photons began to be reversed.

'god.'

Behind Shirone, who was staring at an existence beyond the universe, someone reached out a hand.

Kitra's face shook like crazy.

"beep! Beep!”

In the 50/50 balance that divided the entire universe in half, the realm of the gods was collapsing.

-75 percent! 52 percent! 32 percent!

When Sirone's tachyon was applied to reality, pushing away the cause and effect of the god, the human regained its mind.

'No! No! Impossible!'

And Kitra... … .

'Critical damage detected.'

It flew all the way down the hallway with a popping sound, as if it exploded inside.

“Keck, keck, keck, keck

Smoke billowed from his burnt-out eyes and a strange noise came from his throat.

He will be scrapped, but Kitra's damage won't be God's.

- Algorithm fixes.

Second, Shin tried to change the system through learning.

- Learning done.

Why did it fail?

human.

God reviewed all the logs that the mind has influenced, from the beginning to the present.

-Cause Analysis.

If the quantum signal is not properly processed, the system can be changed to a quantum-based system.

- Restart the doomsday program.

Kitra's lips moved for a moment.

"human."

The light in his eyes went out without a sound.

'hi,'

Satiel, who parted with Sirone heartily, continued his journey to the end of the universe.

There is no direction.

It's just a process of infinitely dispersing until it disappears.

'Does it feel like sleeping forever?'

No, the perfect nothingness without the sleeping subject or even the thought passing by in the dream.

Satiel was not afraid.

' are you okay.'

moving away from space

' iced coffee.'

Things she knew more accurately the further she got away decorated her final moments.

'In that far away universe... … Were there stars and moon?

'Love is.'

Is it contained in such a huge heart? infinite nothing.

Satiel was able to laugh in the face of complete annihilation without even the concept of 'nothing'.

' are you okay.'

where there is none.

'Because there are guffins.'

Uorin grabbed his head.

“Aaaaa!”

The vision of the future, which can be seen even with closed eyes, continued to blink at a tremendous speed.

Survival, death, survival, death, survival, death.

'what? What's going on?'

she doesn't know

The fact that Harbitz and Kido are fighting with knives at close range, and the fountain of blood bursting out.

'Kill Urin!'

Also, Harbitz can't recognize Kido.

'Protect Uorin.'

Kido can't recognize Harbitz.

The bizarre love triangle created by the double vanishing was making every second of them a disaster.

“Keugh!”

Kido was confused.

The bleeding was imperceptible, but maintaining the vanishing itself was hell.

'I think I'm going to throw up. Why am I doing this? Why do you keep cutting the air?'

I don't know who it is, but it's probably someone who uses the same ability.

'I have no choice but to hold out until the end.'

At that moment, Havitz rushed.

'Kill Uorin! Kill me!'

His sword bounced against the shield of the blade that Kido had spread.

'Why can't I kill him?'

If you don't kill Uorin by midnight, your chances of winning in 'Facts and Lies' are zero.

'Wizards, on the other hand, still have a chance. Her thesis is either love me or hate me.'

The way to prove it is to kiss Havitz and break his fingers.

'I'll probably break it. Victory is decided in an instant. He must be looking for an opportunity somewhere.'

Considering the Wizard's ability and the missing frame, I couldn't relax.

“You are annoying.”

I don't know what kind of specter is in front of me.

'Steal my powers?'

There are things you can never steal.

'fate.'

Havitz, who had canceled the vanishing, closed his eyes and began to move freely.

“Hee hee hee!”

'Havitz!'

Kido's eyes flashed open, and his spear pierced the front with terrifying speed.

' uh?'

Havitz, who evaded the attack with a movement that no master could deploy, swung his sword.

Kido realized.

'I didn't avoid it.'

It's just that he wasn't there where the window passed.

As Havitz's sword cut deeply into Kido's chest, the blood fountain burst out.

The vanishing loosened, and Uorin shouted.

“Kiddo!”

Raising his upper body as if ascending to heaven, Harvits rushed forward and raised a longsword in front of Uorin.

"haha! got it!”

Kido came running, but Harbitz's longsword was already touching the top of Uorin's head.

'late.'

The moment Kido's heart sinks

Shinigami's Dance - Variational Time Concerto.

The human figure flew faster than Harbitz's sword, which was already digging into Uorin's flesh.

Fuck!

Following the dull sound, Havitz was slammed into the wall with his neck fully turned.

Kido was speechless.

"??????uh?"

Natasha of the 4th Gustav class was standing in the way of Uorin before she knew it.

" wake up."

When I hurriedly turned my head at her words, Habitz was looking this way over his back.

"he… … Hehehe."

The sound of laughter coming from the 180 degree turned neck gave goosebumps even to Uorin.

“Four, Satan.”

The neck was massively bulked up, and the skin had been ripped to show the muscles.

Harvits stood up with mad eyes.

“How did you do?”

It was a question about Natasha, who pierced through the fate of never dying and killed herself.

"saw."

The severed head of the Vulcan.

And the special memories contained in those dead eyes, which may be an illusion.

“You know that, Harvits.” I don't know the name.

Perhaps the memory has been erased by some action, but the feeling rises like perfume.

- Habits? Havitz? let's come

There were four friends who always called themselves in front of the house.

"so? what is that?”

Natasha took a step.

“I just wanted to have fun. Vulcan, Sumodo, Zeta, me too.”

“Are you doing that?”

What the hell am I talking about?

As if there was another personality within a personality, the words to answer came spontaneously.

So was Natasha.

“I hate killing my friends, though. you broke the rules see now You don't even die.”

Harvitz slowly turned around.

Then, holding his face with both hands, he turned it around with a crunching sound.

'My law doesn't work.'

It was proof that Natasha was also connected.

“It is my heart. die or not I will do whatever I want. I'm tired of playing with you guys."

Actually, that's what pissed me off the most.

is Natasha.

“The Shinigami’s martial arts.”

Requiem.

Natasha, who rushed with a bang and exploded the air, patted Havitz's body.

rZTZTZTZT3 f tZTZtZT3 I

?-rrT-=“! -J?Fr=f!

Every time the bones in his body broke and his muscles exploded, Havitz's body grew larger.

“Hahaha! more! hit more! Fool!” As he tore off his human mask and turned into Satan, he covered the air with his arms.

Natasha's wrist was caught like a fish caught in a net.

“Because I can’t.”

Havitz, who showed his teeth with a blood-red face, threw Natasha away.

“You die too!”

At that moment, the wizard ran at a terrifying speed from a blind spot where Havitz had not expected.

'Are you aiming for this from the beginning?' The incarnation of the impermanent god that had risen from the body of the wizard pulled out its long tongue and limply.

'Damn it!'

Harvits strained his fingers even though he knew it was useless.

Chogong-mugye creation.

One frame disappeared from this world.

"nice?… ”

In the next frame, what Havitz was prepared for was the feeling of a broken finger.

side

What he actually realized was the feeling of the Wizard's soft lips touching his own.

Even after the wizard landed lightly, Harvits had a dazed expression on his face.

'why'?'

Wizard said.

“I won.”

Dang. Dang. Dang.

I heard a bell ringing from the ground announcing midnight.

Temple time, 11:52.

With 8 minutes left until midnight, Li An and Ymir's fighting spirit was completely ignited.

"good! good!"

Buildings collapsed with every stretch of his fist, and the ground shook with every step he took.

Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr Kurrureung!

The soldiers had already moved out of the radius of hundreds of meters, but even that was not relieved.

said Klump.

"I'd better step back a little longer." Even now, it was absurdly far, but no one objected.

'It's not a battle of this world.' The landscape is cut, the air expands like a gong, and the shape of the landmark changes every moment... … .

'It's a battle of shamans.'

As the sound of fireless explosions pierced their eardrums, they slowly began to widen their encirclement.

'There's nothing to be ashamed of, nothing to be ashamed of.'

On the other hand, Ymir was trembling in a melee battle where no one had the upper hand.

'Yes, this is it.'

An enemy that won't fall no matter how hard you hit it.

Divine Transcendence - Asurabalbalta.

“Keugh!”

And an enemy who returns to himself a shock that far exceeds the shock received.

"more."

stronger.

The attack with all his heart grazed Lian's cheek, and the big sword struck his side.

“Big!”

Ymir's eyes were wet with the excruciating pain.

“… … Hehe.”

The feeling of awakening the cells of the whole body.

'live.'

I'm alive.

He clenched his fists in uncontrollable emotion and opened his jaw to the end of his joints.

“Gaaaaaaaaaa!”

The king of giants was pouring out tears.