[118] Unexpected guest (3)

As she became a disciple of melodious pianist Merhen, her skills improved.

It became sensitive enough to detect even the minute air pressure in the schema, and the fingers were leaping over the keys so quickly that they could not be seen.

Raina's performance that even the royal family praised.

However, it was nothing but a murderous noise to Lian, who had been disturbed by that sound since childhood.

“Damn it, the witch is stronger. But people don't die that much.”

Reina seemed to hear nothing but the sound of the playing.

It was evident that he was highly focused, judging by the pouting of his lower lip.

My hair was frizzy and my eyes were watery, perhaps because I had stayed up all night.

He was wearing only shorts, so his thighs were exposed.

In fact, she had been playing the piano for 17 hours.

It was a funeral song famous for its high level of difficulty on the continent, but recently it has been struggling with difficulties.

Barriers to artists are both a curse and a blessing. It's because it's a phenomenon that appears right before you improve your skills.

In that case, Reina would jump over the barrier for days and nights.

Ryan caught a glimpse of new hope.

If I could sneak into my sister's room and pack my belongings, then I could either jump out the window or break the wall to escape.

'Okay, let's calm down. I'm going back to my hometown.'

Lian moved slowly along the blind spot of the grand piano.

If he could only go up to the stairs like this, the operation would have been a great success.

Of course, Rayna was sitting on top of her brother's head.

The moment the light of hope lit up Lian's eyes, he cut off the performance again without a doubt.

'Oh, damn it.'

Reina said without even looking away.

“What are you doing from now on? Do swordsmanship schools teach people how to make people laugh?”

“Sheesh, if you saw it, you wouldn’t have to pretend to know it. And what the heck is that? What kind of panties do grown girls play the piano with? She told me not to blaspheme art.”

“It’s black again. It wasn’t quite right.”

Contrary to the threatening words, Raina picked up the skirt and put it on.

During practice, only family members knew that he took off his clothes one by one as the stress got worse.

“Hehe, but you seem to be ashamed in front of your sister, right? Aww!”

The moment Lian burst into laughter, Reina's sole hit her face.

Rian also trained hard, but still couldn't even react at such a speed.

"shit. What are you doing dirty? Wow!”

Reina held out her hand to Rian, who was shaking his lips.

“Give me the report card.”

Ryan's face hardened.

As expected, what was to come had to come.

“Eh, why the hell does my sister care so much about my report card? Now that I'm all grown up Ouch!”

Rayna shouted, pulling Lian's ear.

“Don’t you give it up? Do you really want to die today?”

"Ah Okay! Here, here!”

Ryan took out his report card from his inside pocket and threw it on the floor.

Then, without looking back, he ran to his room.

"Ugh! that was less right When are you going to grow up?”

Reina picked up the report card and spread it in front of her eyes.

The scores of the training subjects came down in order, and at the end, the number of all students and the overall rank were written.

Reina's hands trembled after checking her rank.

Last!

It wasn't even second to last, it was really last.

'Nonsense. No matter how pathetic she is, she works hard.'

Raina turned over her report card and checked the dedicated teacher comments section.

As she read the text, her eyes widened in shock.

We are sorry to hear that your child finished the school year with poor grades.

Currently, Ryan thinks he has opened the schema, but the teachers have determined that it is only a placebo effect caused by an increase in muscle strength.

It's a phenomenon called imaginary schema, and although it's extremely rare, it can happen occasionally. This is a time when you need the warm attention of your family.

“Oh no, really! I can't live!”

Reina crumpled up her report card and went up the stairs in a huff.

When I opened the door and went in, I saw Lian sitting like a bear packing his things.

"hey! You are in last place!”

“Oh, I don’t know. It happened.”

“Besides, an imaginary schema? What the hell does this mean? So what... … Like imaginary pregnancy... … What is it?”

“I guess so.”

Rian answered as if it had happened to someone else and continued what he was doing.

From the moment the report card was released, he was free from all worries.

Reina glared at Lian as her insides bubbling.

Then he couldn't stand it and slapped Lian's back mercilessly.

“Oh, you burn! Die, die!”

"ouch! it hurts!"

“Is this really that hard? You just need to open the schema!”

"I don't know! What can I do? I mean I did my best. I'm going anyway, so get out of the way. I might miss the carriage time.”

“Where are you going? Stay right at home! As soon as the work here is finished, I will go down with my grandfather, so you go with me then!”

"no! I have an appointment!”

"promise? What promise to you? Do you still want to play after seeing these results?”

Rian was so moved that she almost used the Sirone card.

But I persevered to the end. It was something she should never have said to Reina.

It was none other than a pair trip.

If she heard that Sirone was going with a woman, it was clear that Reina would use any means to prevent her from going.

'I'm jealous of being ugly.'

At first, I wanted Sirone and my sister to do well, but now I feel like it won't be enough even if I dry it off.

A prudent and calm woman suited Sirone much better than a witch like this.

“What promise? Can't you speak sooner?"

“I have an appointment with a woman. I mean, we decided to go play.”

"female? What kind of girl does a guy who goes to swordsmanship school meet?”

“There are women there too. It's Elzaine Tess, and your sister knows the Elzaine family too, right? She is the daughter there.”

Reina was familiar with the Elsaine family, which had been prominent in the diplomatic field for a long time.

However, the daughter of such an elite family would have a high nose.

I couldn't even imagine going on a trip with my younger brother who came back after finishing last in school.

“Where are you lying? Be honest! Do you have other ulterior motives?”

“I don’t know, don’t mind! Then I go!”

Ignoring Rayna's nagging attack, Lian, who was absorbed in packing her backpack, quickly stood up and ran away as soon as the opportunity presented itself.

"hey! Aren't you standing there?"

When Rayna stepped out the door, Lian had already jumped down the stairs to the second floor and ran to the front door.

It wasn't a distance that I couldn't catch up with if I activated the schema, but Reina let it go with an annoyed expression.

Lian, who had been Bob since childhood, was the expression of his confidence that he could control it even from 100,000 miles away.

“Whoops. Yes, take a hard carriage ride and go. Let's see who gets there faster.”

Behind Lian, who was running away, Raina was waving her report card.

* * *

After seeing off her friends, Sirone walked to the carriage sent by the Ogent family.

Temuran, the sub-butler of the main family, came out to meet him.

As befits the person who bullied Sirone when cleaning up the Great Library, he still had the same uptight impression half a year later.

However, the attitude towards them was quite different.

Of course, politely bow your head. He had a good smile on his lips.

“It's been a while, young master. You did a great job.”

"It's been a while since the sub-butler."

At first, it was awkward to hear the name 'Bocchan', but after half a year, it didn't bother me at all.

Of course, it's true that it's still embarrassing.

The two sat in the carriage and chatted until they headed for Sirone's house.

In particular, Sirone was glad to know how the people of the Ogent family were doing.

"Wow, you've already obtained a public official?"

Ryan's older brother, Ogent Lai, passed the official exam.

Of course, as is common with 10th grade prosecutors, he was not in a position to relax, and he said that he was having a hectic day at the front line.

"yes. In addition, Lady Reina has been promoted to the 7th Music Band of the Royal Palace. She's on a winning streak. The head of household is still busy with public affairs, and the elder is said to retire soon and return to her hometown.”

“Aha, but I heard that Lian’s older brother is also there? What are you doing?”

“Well, that is not something I can comment on. Just know that it's a certified level 6 swordsman. It's presumptuous advice, but you'd better not bring up the topic of the eldest son even at the family home.”

"Oh, I see."

Considering the character of the Ogent family, it wasn't a family that would cause discord between them.

Even so, I thought that if it was a story that could not be brought up, it might be a political issue.

“How is Rihanna? I'll see you sooner or later.”

Temuran's answer was the shortest so far.

“You haven’t contacted me for half a year.”

"ha ha ha! It’s like Rihanna.”

While having a pleasant conversation, the carriage entered the mountains before I knew it.

Sirone opened the window and enjoyed the scenery of her hometown.

The colorful forest scene already seemed to welcome his return.

The carriage entered the courtyard of Sirone's house.

It was the exact same place when Temuran came to pick up Sirone the other day.

“Thank you for the ride. I'll see you again soon.”

“I just did what I had to do. Have a good time then.”

Sirone turned around with a thrilled heart.

Seeing the shabby but friendly log cabin gave me a new feeling.

'thank you. I will be filial during vacation.'

The closer I got to the house, the more I thought of my parents.

A mother who had suffered so far and a father who did not hesitate to kneel down to send himself to magic school.

Sirone opened the door and shouted with emotion.

"mom! dad!"

“Uh ha ha ha! that's right! After all, beer is best eaten with pork!”

“Is your father like that too? Beer doesn’t go well with mutton either!”

“Because it is. The mutton tastes fishy and the alcohol tastes bad. now! Let’s have another drink while we’re at it!”

Sirone stared blankly at the living room.

I was surprised that it was more festive than expected, but the reason I was really shocked was because of the big boy sharing a drink with Vincent.

He was much taller than before and his hair was shorter. But as much as her strong impression, it was definitely Lian.

“Sirone! You are here!”

Lian jumped up.

But it was Vincent who ran faster than anyone else.

The moment I hugged him, I could smell the alcohol. It looked like he drank a lot.

“Oops! Here comes my son! Are you not hurt anywhere?”

“Oh, the smell of alcohol. What happened all of a sudden? Why is Lian at my house?”

“I stayed for two days to see you. He helped me with tree harvesting and went hunting together. how is it? Wasn't it fun, Ryan?"

"ha ha ha! Of course, Father! After all, a true man must know how to hunt!”

Sirone was not amused.

The father he knew was not the kind of person who would treat aristocrats carelessly, even if they were his son's friends.

What the hell did they do for the past 2 days, so that the two of them were drinking before lunchtime?

Sirone broke out of Vincent's arms as he rubbed his beard and shouted at Lian.

“I heard you lost contact? Have you been to your hometown?"

“No, why are you going to your parents’ house? This is the master's house. Isn't that right, Father?"

“You sound funny! What else have you been up to?”

“My, what accident did I have?”

I pretended not to, but I could tell just by looking at Lian's face.

It wasn't that I couldn't go home, it was that I couldn't go home.

Sirone sighed and entered the living room.

'Haa, this isn't it... … .'

The long-awaited father and son reunion ended in a drinking bin.

However, seeing my father thinner than before, I also thought that it was fortunate that I could not cry.

“Oh, Sirone is here. Come here, my son.”

Olina hugged Sirone warmly.

As expected, thinking that the only thing she could trust in the world was her mother, Sirone was finally able to exchange greetings that fit her taste.

“Mom, you went through a lot while I was gone, right? sorry."

“What is suffering? The Ogent family helped me a lot.”

Olina patted Sirone on the back while glancing at Vincent.

My son came after half a year, but I didn't like how he was drunk.

---------------------------------------