[616] The Hottest Place (5)

It happened unconsciously, and it could be said that Sirone's decision was decisive.

After reaching the magic that gives mass to light, the ability to bypass the magic control device, and what he destroyed, the students realized reality.

“Crazy! Whatever it is, destroy it!”

“Arrogant child! If you were going to destroy it anyway, you could pass it on to someone else!”

Sirone looked back at the students.

“What do you gain from doing that?”

“A certified wizard! It’s an employee card of the Magic Association!”

As Rufist said, only 5 out of 150 people could get it normally.

It can be said that it was unconventional to bet one of those five cards as an event, but Sirone had no regrets.

“Then what have we been doing for a year? Did you train hard just to pick up a license here?”

“Where is the sophistry! The reason you work hard is to get results. And you tore the results right in front of your eyes!”

“It’s mine, so I can do whatever I want.”

The annex was enveloped in silence.

“The real result is to build skills worthy of the license. It wasn't yours from the start.”

“You can’t even call it yours.”

Curtis stepped out.

“I don’t know how they bypassed the Magic Control Device, but wasn’t there some kind of transaction?”

Sirone's eyebrows twitched.

"What are you talking about?"

“You had a one-on-one meeting with the president of the association. And you are one of the most famous students in the kingdom. Can you reveal what the conversation was about there?”

“It's a personal thing. I have no reason to tell you.”

“No, I have now. The exceptional privilege of being a certified wizard. And only you bypassed the magic control. Surely that's suspicious, isn't it? It means that the current event is like a plan made only for you.”

students rose up

"okay! I said it was kind of weird! Tell the association president what you heard!”

Iruki came out.

“Sirone destroyed her certified mage license. It is proof that there was no transaction.”

“I can't believe that either. Anyway, you made a unique result in front of the 5 most prestigious graduating classes in the kingdom. This could be an excuse for preferential treatment in some way.”

Sirone shook her head.

“It is an illusion. In this event, only those who can bypass the magic control device can obtain a license. Don't be scared and focus properly. Currently, the security level of the annex is not that high.”

“You know who hasn’t? Now, who else has bypassed the Magic Control Device other than you? This is definitely a scam!”

“You are hurting your pride.”

A clear sound wave spread from the place where the greasy voice was heard, and the freezing magic was cast.

When the students turned their heads in surprise, Frings was floating ice crystals on his hands.

“No, no magic… … .”

With Frings' sense of feeling and avoiding even the shape of the Spirit Zone, he was able to circumvent the current level of security.

“Just because you don’t do it doesn’t mean you can’t do it. Wouldn’t it be less dignified to dig up the ground?”

Druze Frings (22nd place in the graduating class).

Specialization: Freezing type of freezing magic.

Special note: Super sensitive senses. transformation. Head of the Hide and Seek Research Club.

Then, the students also began to take Sirone's words seriously.

“This is the Magic Association.”

As Fermi moved his steps and raised his index finger, a fire burned at the tip of his finger.

“That means the Association is watching us. Can I stand there stupidly like that? If you don't pass the cut-off, you won't be able to enter the Magic Association even after you die, right?"

Those who were only focused on the official wizard license realized the true meaning of this event.

'I have to show myself to be successful.'

No matter who came first, I tried to enter the spirit zone with concentration.

However, no one succeeded until 30 seconds passed.

'no! I can't get into the Spirit Zone!'

It was an impossible difficulty even for Curtis, who was ranked first in the Royal Magic School.

'I can't do this. Three people on the Alpheas side have already succeeded... … .'

Does it make sense to say you can't do it?

“Something is tricking you!”

Curtis shouted.

"It's contrived and deceiving us! I'm number one in the ranks of the Royal Magic School!”

“The interpretation of truth depends on its limits.”

When Curtis turned around, he saw a large man resembling an orangutan weaving.

He was a senior conger at Alpheas Magic School.

"What are you? I'm just knitting... … !”

Curtis paused, realizing that the thread around Conger's hand was steel.

Her movements were delicate, but the muscles in her arms twitched each time she bent the steel into a new pattern.

“Whoa, just threading? Don't think common sense is all you know. It sounds like delusion to some.”

The wire twisted grotesquely between Konger's palms, creating a beautiful pattern of roses.

Vic Conger (6th place in the senior class finals).

Major: Casting type of steel magic.

Special note: special alloy ductility that remembers its shape.

As Alpheas Magic School succeeded in concentrating one by one, the students' faces turned red.

'What the hell is this place?'

It felt like winners and losers were divided by an invisible boundary between the possible and the impossible.

“Did you take a detour too?”

Arin nodded at Canis' question.

"huh. It's not a very complex structure, but it's not so simple that anyone can do it either. Still, there are quite a few successful people in our school. It's not like I'm revealing it.”

Her menarche passed through all of the friends who had successfully detoured, and stopped at the one made up of a network of light.

“I’m sorry.”

Everyone turned their heads as Dante gave a bang and put down his glass.

“Give up concentration that doesn’t work, and think about how you guys are being treated. Even as an association, it is the scout's own right to evaluate us. Why don’t you value your values ​​a little more?”

Curtis growled.

“Then you haven’t been doing anything yet, have you? Do you think it will look cool if you say it that way?”

“At least it doesn’t look pathetic. Unlike you fools, I know what to fight for.”

“What to fight for?”

At the same time that Dante entered the Spirit Zone, a 7-fold magic circle with 7 concentric circles was born.
“The security of the magic control device currently in operation is the old-generation method of using 
multiple substitution cryptography . You can unlock it as long as you understand the mechanism.”

The cords that rotated in different directions stood tall and disappeared with a glow.

-warning. warning. An unauthorized informational attack occurred in the first floor annex.

The warning lights flashed, followed by a broadcast by the association guide.

-Level 3 security device has been disabled. Please check with the person in charge as soon as possible. I'll say it again. The current level 3 security device in the annex on the 1st floor... … .

The students who heard the broadcast opened their mouths in a daze, and Amy raised her ax eye and approached Dante.

“You madman! What if we hack into the association's security facility!”

“It doesn’t matter. I guess I was expecting this anyway.”

Dante was so annoyed.

“It doesn't matter if you guys fight among yourself, but don't make me cheap by arguing too. If you want to evaluate me, you will have to go through the due process.”

It was a message to the meta system who was enjoying this situation.

"cheap? Cheap?”

Curtis glared at Dante's back as he walked away.

"wait. Apologize to everyone for what you just said.”

"apologize?"

Dante turned his head.

“You insulted all of the 5 most prestigious graduating classes in the kingdom right now. If I can't get an apology here, I won't back down either.”

Pandora shouted as the flames blazed in Curtis' hand.

“You are laughing! You guys touched me first!”

It's an inexcusable fact, but Curtis didn't back down.

There is no way I can take the exam completely with this state of mind at the point where the graduation exam is just around the corner.

Above all, it was only natural that the honor of the school would fall to the ground if he, who represents the kingdom's most prestigious family, went back like this.

“I apologize. Unless you want to ruin everything.”

If you make a mess through the use of force, there will be no school that benefits mentally.

It wasn't Dante who didn't know that fact, but that's why he couldn't do anything good for others.

"Nope? It’s self-employed.”

“This bastard!”

As Curtis increased his firepower and charged, several students followed.

It was a magical battle on a different level from a fist fight.

“Everyone calm down.”

At the same time as the flame magic was fired, Eden opened his arms.

'Saint Barrier.'

As the curtain of light spread around her, the magic instantly dissipated, and even pushed all the students in front to the wall.

“Keugh! What, what!”

As many as 100 students were stuck between the St. Barrier and the wall, unable to move.

'Eden... … .'

Students from other schools were surprised by her defense that transcended common sense, but those who knew her paid attention to her magic of a different nature than before.

'I changed the battery to wide-area defense.'

Her absolute defense ability works through her strong omnipotence of believing in God, but the concentration of magic to protect only herself also played a part.

Giving up one of the two pillars that make up the Absolute Barrier was unconvincing, but Sirone, who competed directly with her, instead smiled.

'You've grown, Eden.'

He decided to break his ego and become a true messenger of God and preach love.

“How do you do this! I won't be able to move!"

Saint Barrier was cozy and warm, but powerful enough to be impenetrable by any magic.

“Violence is not good. Let's settle it peacefully.”

Candler Eden (ranked 25th in the graduating class).

Specialization: Wide-area protection of defensive magic.

Special note: Powerful omnipotence based on faith.

“Damn it! Get this out quickly! Who are you to teach us!”

“Aww! it's annoying!"

A student's cry was clearly transmitted to the monitor in the central control room through the video recording device.

“It has been decided.”

As Lufist stood up, Jane, the chief secretary, who had arrived at the moment the magic control device was released, asked.

“Isn’t that a lot of fun? They are students who are still immature in judgment and action.”

“The weak will be weeded out anyway. Besides, isn't that really the case? Someone is already making professional judgments and actions.”

“The problem is that they are all Alpheas Magic School students.”

When evaluated by student standards, the graduating class of this year's Royal Academy of Magic is by no means low.

However, the root of the problem was that the senior class of Alpheas Magic School was unprecedentedly outstanding.

“Anyway, that's interesting. I mean Ultima.”

Rufist looked for Sirone on the monitor.

“If information is dismantled as a single entity, the cryptosystem itself is powerless.”

“How about the highest level of security?”

“It’s no use. Because all information is equal in front of Ultima. Humans and insignificant things are the same, and high school mathematics is not differentiated from children’s arithmetic.”

“… … They are the most difficult to control.”

“It seems impossible. So it is dangerous.”

Jane looked back at Rufist as he left the door.

“How are you going to party?”

“Calm down and send it. Because the festival is over.”

The door is closed.

“How long do you think you can keep us tied up?”

The annex was a mess due to the profanity of the students.

“Just let the magic dissolve! You guys are dead to me today!”

As dozens of students poured out their criticisms, the listeners also began to get feverish.

“These… … .”

Just as the closer was about to leave, someone shouted from the rear.

“Because I really want to see you!”

Puff puff puff puff!

Above the heads of all the students of Alpheas Magic School, the effect of utility magic exploded in a fast rhythm.

Where the surprised students turned around, Suabi was standing with her eyes wide open.

“Does a person look easy because he always smiles?”

Puffup! pop! Pupperpuppung!.

The students stared in awe at the sight of utility magic being cast in a cycle as accurate as a machine.

“Suabi is angry… … .”

Winner Suabi (18th in the final ranking of the senior class).

Major: Multi-buff series of utility magic.

Special note: High-speed cross force battery replacement using a superhuman sense of rhythm.

Everyone admired with the same expression whenever they felt the ability strengthened through the buff.

'It's awesome. The cross force has become faster.'

Only then did Eden take Saint Barrier, but none of the students moved.

Looking at the 30 kinds of buffs that go into all 29 people, I couldn't bear to fight.

"how is it? If we want to see each other, can we loosen the bolts too?”

Fermi finally came forward as a representative.

“Keugh!”

Watching the senior class of Alpheas Magic School gather, Curtis lowered his head helplessly.

The figure of 3.8x is not an exaggeration.

Some students shed tears of resentment, but, again, they had no sympathy for Fermi.

“Remember. Because we are the protagonists of this year’s graduation exam.”

The hottest spot was determined.

---------------------------------------