[523] New Covenant (2)

Kashan.

A powerful empire that occupies one-third of the human realm.

Aganos, a huge palace where the ruler of Kashan Theraje resides, was a military and cultural fortress equipped with all defense facilities against magic, law, and physical attacks, and built an independent living space.

“Wow, long time no see.”

Entering Kashan's capital, Miro's party looked at the castle tower of Aganos from the fountain in the city square.

The sight of hundreds of castle towers rising as if trying to stab the sky to death was absolutely spectacular.

'Terase... … .'

During the one-year period given after being chosen as the shield of mankind, Miro traveled around the world and met various people.

Among them, the most impressive was Theraje Mystra, the Empress of Kashan.

It was the first time in my life that I officially felt weird seeing someone.

Unofficially, there might be Guffin, but he was already erased from my head.

“Auntie, how much is this?”

Bored of waiting until the appointment time, Miro wandered around the shops surrounding the plaza and shopped.

Armin and Quan did not move in front of the fountain, while Arius followed behind the maze with Sirone covered in a black cloth on his back.

"that? 2 gold.”

"yes? What does this cost 2 gold?”

What Miro chose was a bracelet made of twisted three-colored leather.

“Cowhide, horsehide, camel skin, weaved. You can buy it for a very cheap price.”

“Ah, cows, horses, camels.”

Miro placed a gold coin on the seat.

“Give it to me for 1 gold. Even if it's leather, it's only a mouse tail.”

The merchant woman looked at me as if it were absurd.

"what? How precious is leather in Kashan? Can you get it at half price? Isn’t this a pure thief simbo?”

Miro struggled to smile.

“Aunty, do you know who I am?”

“Who is the lady?”

“This is the person who came to meet Theraze. you know? queen here. That is, the state guest of the empire. But can’t you give me one of these cheaply?”

The merchant woman widened her eyes.

“Such a request! How dare you call the queen's last name carelessly! No matter how outsiders you are, this is the capital of Kashan! Get out of here! Before reporting to the patrol!”

When the value of Theraze's name didn't work, Miro mobilized the last resort.

“Hey, auntie. I'm the empress, and I'm the one who saved the world for 20 years by myself! If it wasn't for me, she wouldn't be able to do business here!”

The merchant woman's face was covered in shock and horror.

“Isn’t this a complete idiot? people! Quickly call the patrol here! A crazy woman has appeared!”

“What, crazy woman? This lady is really... … !”

As a commotion erupted, everyone paid attention to the stalls.

On the other hand, Quan and Armin in front of the fountain wished they were strangers.

“There is no such thing as a thunderclap.”

Armin laughed bitterly at Quan's words.

“They say he was a famous geek since he was a student. It’s not that people’s personalities change easily.”

“… … But is it okay? I understand that the maze is a world-class secret.”

"what… … If you can buy specialties at half price.”

When Quan turned around at the joke that was not the same, Armin shrugged his shoulders shyly.

“The parties say so, what can I do?”

Kuan sighed and turned to the maze as a group of soldiers walked from the entrance of the plaza with a rattling sound.

All of them were heavily armored, and their waists were studded with golden amber.

The Royal Guard of Aganos-One.

The guards guarding Theraje are divided into three groups: close, middle, and circle, which means the scope of the queen's escort.

They were the ones who guarded Theraje from the farthest distance, but even the sight of the castle guards appearing for the first time made the residents nervous.

“Hey, lady! If you've been drinking since broad daylight, go in and get some sleep! Where are the small merchants?

"No, why don't you believe me? Because I am Adrias Miro! The queen here called me!”

Arriving at the plaza, the captain of the guards sighed when he saw the woman arguing with the merchant.

“He said there was no need to look… … .”

The order Theraze delivered through the chain of command was, 'Bring the loudest woman in the market.'

As the guards approached the stall, the merchant woman, who had come to her senses belatedly, stiffened with a pale face.

“Guardian, Royal Guard… … .”

Not the rangers, but Aganos's Royal Guard.

What was even more frightening was that the captain of the guards came one step closer and gave Miro the best treatment.

“You are here. I was ordered to serve the Empress respectfully. I will guide you.”

“Hmm.”

Miro, who had been looking at the captain with sullen eyes, suddenly smiled and turned to the merchant woman.

The startled woman's lips quivered.

A leather bracelet of three colors twisted like a twist fit snugly around Miro's slender hand.

There was nothing to block Miro and his party from entering the castle of Aganos following the captain of the guards.

The ladies-in-waiting and attendants opened the way as if they were running away, and all the gates opened without even needing to knock.

The sight of the impenetrable gates opening madly, impenetrable even by the elite troops of one country, was a thrilling shock to those who had spent their entire lives in the imperial palace.

The captain withdrew at that point because the guards with the sign of amber could not go to the 20th floor.

When I went up the 20th floor through the narrow stairs, the Aganos Guard with the mark of a diamond was waiting for me.

The captain of the Praetorian Guard in white ironclad approached Quan and held out his hands politely.

“You can't carry weapons from here. the sword... … .”

Quan didn't even pretend to hear.

As Miro and the others turned around the corner and walked down the hallway, the captain of the guards followed without imposing any restrictions.

Upon arriving at the spire on the 23rd floor, at the end of the hallway, 10 Fungjang personnel wearing owl masks were guarding the door.

The remaining 90 members had already been dispatched to various parts of the world in search of the incarnation of Ankera.

However, the remaining 10 people were the executives of the wind farm, and the spirits of collective murder that they exuded spread throughout the hallway to such an extent that even a moderately skilled master could suffocate to death.

“Hey, that’s terrifying. Did you spray poison gas?”

Miro, who approached with a smirk, said to the person at the head of the wind farm.

“Can you get out of the way? What's the point of calling and blocking?"

“… … No one but you can enter.”

Hearing a voice he could never forget even after 10 years, Quan frowned.

Miro didn't act carelessly this time either.

Even within the fortress-like Aganos, this room was special, and even Maze had a reason to enter it alone.

“Wait here for a moment. I'll go in at once.”

As the door opened, the space in the room expanded, and Miro's eyes gradually grew cold as he stepped forward.

The first thing I heard was the sound of the door closing, and then I saw Uorin sitting cross-legged on a chair.

“It’s been a while, Miro. It is still the same as before.”

“Is this the first time I see you?”

We know that Theraze is mitochondrial Eve.

However, it was disappointing that the person in front of him was not Mystra's face.

“Whoops, sit down. Shall we have some tea? Or alcohol?”

“Before that, I want to talk alone. Is that why you called me separately too?”

Miro couldn't see anyone other than Uorin anywhere in the line of sight, but it was predictable even without seeing it.

“Crouch, stay out.”

A moment of silence passed.

"are you okay. Since you've already been called here, you're not at a level where you can do anything alone."

At the same time as he finished talking, the window on the right side of the maze popped! It opened and closed quickly with a noise.

“Is that okay?”

As Miro slowly sat down on the chair across from her, Woorin, who was staring at her face, burst out laughing.

"You look like you're dying to hit me on the cheek."

“From the beginning… … Was it all your plan?”

Miro asked Theraje Mystra, who was still alive in Uorin's memory.

"of course. Thanks to that, you too have escaped from the dreaded dimension wall, right? Yeah, about 20 years? How does it feel to be out in the world? Oh, that bracelet is pretty.”

“It's not particularly bad. The world that came out after a while is also fun. but… … .”

Roaring!

The incarnation of Banya, transcending the mind, rose from Miro's body like flames and flew towards Urin.

Guanyin's face was benevolent, but dozens of arms wrapped around Uorin in the form of different hand signs, as if crushing them.

"You shouldn't have touched my friend."

He tried to go forward alone, embracing all the sins of mankind, but he unwillingly dragged in Sein and Gaold.

Gaold, who was a particularly earnest believer, became a demon and was wandering through hell even at this moment.

There is probably no human being who does not feel fear from the killing spree of mankind's strongest banya, but Uorin knew the maze all too well.

“I know what you mean. So you don't have to pretend to be angry. I understand how you feel, but... … .”

For the inconsiderate Banya, anger is also just an earthly emotion.

As the incarnation of Guanyin disappeared in an instant, Wu Lin looked at the cubic on her fingernail this morning and said,

“I didn't sacrifice Gaold. Because it was something only Gaold could do. As if only you were worthy of sacrificing for humanity.”

Miro pursed his lips.

As expected, to Mitochondrial Eve, all appearances were meaningless.

Uorin, who corrected Cubic's position, raised her head.

"Yes, I'm sure you didn't come here to argue. Why did you want to see me?"

“You must have known?”

"Yes?"

Uorin tilted her head as if she really didn't know.

'She's a really irritating woman.'

It was an unspoken suggestion that if you need help, you should take appropriate action.

“I remembered.”

The leader who guards the head of the wind field said.

“That was the prosecutor then.”

When the owl mask was removed, the face of the woman who had appeared in Quan's nightmare was revealed.

His eyebrows were light on his snow-white face, and the sharp eyes hidden behind his thick eyelids were the same as they were 10 years ago.

The cost of refusing her offer severed his Achilles tendon and changed Quan's life forever.

It was only natural that he would get nervous when he faced such an enemy just a few meters away.

“You still hold the sword. I'll admit that you have the guts to eat.”

Quan's eyes widened when the woman made a gasping noise and reminded him of the situation in which he cut out his Achilles tendon.

At the same time, the woman's eyes shone as if it were bizarre.

'What is this... … ?'

The world was slowly tilting to the right.

As I leaned 10 degrees, 20 degrees, and 30 degrees, I felt as if I was going to slip, and my right foot naturally gave me strength.

'It seems to fall.'

Kuan said quietly.

“Don’t offend me. Because I’m desperately holding back.”

I'm sure I realized something.

But what kind of realization can the human temperament be so bizarrely twisted?

'I recognized my talent at the time, but... … .'

A level different from that.

A swordsman named Quan, whose Achilles tendon was cut 10 years ago, no longer existed in this world.

'I'll have to catch it first.'

The woman slowly shifted her center of gravity to the left.

Then, the tilted world began to find its place, and eventually returned to a perfectly horizontal level.

'Certainly not easy.'

The reason why Quan did not readily draw the sword even in front of the enemy who ruined his life was because the opponent was a wind commander before putting the mission first.

'wait. One day, I'll cut off everyone's legs.'

Unlike Kuan, who was planning her future like that, the woman was all focused on the bizarre temperament she felt a moment ago.

'What was it?'

Unable to contain her curiosity, the woman opened her mouth.

"you… … .”

Then Miro's voice cut the woman's words.

“Arius, come in.”

The woman, frowning, covered her face with the owl mask again and stepped aside.

As Arius entered the room, Uorin raised her hand.

"It's been a while, Arius."

They met at Kazura Castle, but their circumstances were very different from that time.

Uo-rin, who was a princess of a country, became a member of the Three Emperors, and a grave robber of 7 demons became a faithful servant of Miro, the strongest banya.

“Lay it down on the table.”

As Miro grabbed the end of the cloth and pulled it back, Sirone, who was wearing Armand's robe, closed her eyes as if she had fallen asleep.

'Sirone... … .'

In a short moment, Uorin's eyes turned friendly.

---------------------------------------