Devastating Strike (4)

Demons rushed towards Gaold.

“Now! Kill!”

The moment when the red and blue bodies formed a tight dome around Gaold.

“Ouch… …

The air press burst outside.

With an explosion, the demons' bodies were torn to pieces, and the sky was visible in Miro's field of vision.

“Gaold, you… …

Before he could finish his words, Gaold grabbed Miro by the collar and screamed out loud.

“What are you doing, you idiot!”

The relief in his eyes was gone, and only hatred overflowed.

Miro, who had no desire to make an excuse, let go of his collar and shouted.

“It doesn't matter now! I mean, I couldn't help it! The dimensional wall... … !”

"Careful!"

At the same time as Gangnan shouted, all the demons rushed towards Gaold.

“Damn it!”

Gaold's hair turned white, and powerful atmospheric pressure pressed down the entire radius.

Woo woo woo woo!

Blood poured like a fountain from the corpse of the demon, who couldn't even make a squeak.

“Avoid for now!”

Gaold grabbed Miro's hand and flew into the sky, followed by Gangnan and Zulu.

Miro exclaimed urgently.

“Let go! I have something to tell you!” The reason why the incarnation of Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin completely collapsed was not just because the mind was shaken.

'The gateway has been breached.'

Although it was not as strong as the old samadhi-gyeong, it was also true that even the nane was not easily destroyed.

'I made up my mind and came in.'

Miro, who had taken care of his dizzy mind, shook off Gaold's hand and stopped in the air.

"wait."

When Gaold looked back, Gangnan and Zulu quickly came to his side.

Gangnan pointed with his finger.

“If you keep interfering like this,

“I have to go back.”

Since it was a maze that had kept its place despite all sorts of insults, Gangnan narrowed his eyes.

“Are you going back?”

Miro looked back.

“Probably Jungcheon-dong, the door to the Guffin you were trying to use has been breached. Heaven’s army invaded.”

It was a case of misfortune.

“Shion has to move first before they meet me. no, maybe... …

The place they are aiming for must also be Zion.

'The fighting power itself is the strongest. What's more, I'm in a state where the power of mankind has weakened.'

What they are concerned about is not a strong enemy, but a state in which collision itself is impossible due to the dimensional barrier.

“Once I go, I will go. When the central continent is stable... …

"wait."

Gaold said.

“Something is not going to be solved if you go. But it won't be solved without you."

In order to fight the army of Heaven, at least Miro's mind must be intact.

“Can we talk later? class now

I say.”

“Even if we go on like this, the only thing waiting for us is death. Either stay here, or leave me and go to Zion.”

Of course, he had to go to Zion, but the emotion that briefly flashed in his eyes grabbed his ankle.

“I will not abandon you.”

Miro said, biting her lip.

"Because you won't abandon me. I will never forsake you either. okay?" Gauld turned around.

“Zulu, Gangnan. Go with the maze.”

When you arrive in Zion, you will also have to make a choice in the labyrinth.

It would have been inevitable.

“Why us?”

And Gaold was the one who knew more about Miro than anyone else.

'You'll find out what's right.'

Gauld, who had let go of the maze mentally, said while passing by Zulu and Gangnan.

"No other reason. Check out Zion's results. I'm going to the Central Continent."

It was as if he had found a place to die.

“Could you… …

“It’s not like that. come back quickly The demons are also a problem, but the army of heaven

It is a really serious matter.”

Zulu grabbed Gangnan's shoulder.

"let's go. I don't have time.”

All Gangnan could do was to deal with Zion's work as quickly as possible.

“I’ll take you to the labyrinth and come back. Don’t think about doing it all by yourself, just wait.”

After confirming Gaold's smile, Kang Nan climbed on the Zulu's pet Kaidra.

Aaaaaaaaaa!

Blood gushed out of Gaold's mouth as he watched the rogue bird quickly head south.

“Cak! Cuck!”

It's not long.

“Hehe. Hehehehe.”

The reason I can still laugh is because what I hate the most is my own body.

"okay. Do more, do more.”

Gaold glared at the vision of himself standing in front of his eyes, revealing his intent to kill.

“I will kill you terribly.”

The last fireworks to set life ablaze were waiting.

Alpones Mountains.

“This is… …

Sirone, who had crashed toward the planet from the Earth Temple, looked down at the winding mountain range like a snake's corpse.

Before entering the magic school, it was the habitat of the dragon that Lian and I chatted all night with.

“Here lies the core.”

Transformed into a human form, Blitz flew next to Sirone and pointed at the mountain range.

“Do you remember? We met you at the beginning of human history.”

Andre's World No. 1.

It was not a period for normal creatures to remember, but the dragon did not know oblivion.

“After you left that era, Mudeung-ryong told me. Shiro Yes, find you.”

Sirone looked back at Blitz.

“But why now? It didn’t matter anytime after I entered Andre’s World No. 1, right?”

Because at that point the promise becomes valid.

“There were conditions. When you can understand the emptiness of space, you will need us. It was close, but I think I made it in time anyway.”

If it was just a little too late to open Mu Tae, he would have greeted the army of angels without waking Mudeung Ryong.

“Come on, go. Get access to our core. Hear about everything in this world there.”

I guessed, but I asked first.

“How do you wake up?”

“Mudeungryong only made a condition.”

Nodding her head, Sirone opened her senses and looked down at the ground.

'There is no form.'

The mountain range disappeared, and I could see something sleeping in the void between the information.

' wow??????

Huge information made of golden light.

'That's Kara Torsa.' It was time itself.

' Goes.'

Since distance has no meaning in the state of nothingness, Sirone's figure disappeared in an instant.

Blitz looked up at the sky and murmured.

“The end of time… …

Sirone, who penetrated the realm of matter and matter as it was, arrived in front of a huge golden information.

“I heard you want to meet me

yo. this."

The dragon-shaped light did not respond, and Sirone slowly held out his hand.

'Conflicts may occur.'

If Mudeungryong's consciousness causes a backlash, the number of converting that information into physical force would be close to disaster.

'But I won't.'

It means that he foresaw today's events from the fact that he walked on the condition of the 10th sense, state of invincibility.

Sirone's hand disintegrated with a signal and gently touched the surface of the golden information.

"ah??????

Karatorsa's information rose like a haze, and both eyes opened with a white light.

"It's Yahweh's information."

A voice that transcended words penetrated Sirone's consciousness.

“You who seek meaning at the end of the void, why did you come to me?”

“Heaven's armies will invade this world. I heard you have something to pass on to me.”

“An angel… …

After waking up after a long time, Karatorsa recalled the battle with the angel that had been going on for a long time.

“Are you omnipotent?”

Can you dismantle all the signals in this world?

"yes."

When Sirone nodded in response, Kara Torsa slowly stood up.

'I feel like I'm getting bigger.'

An indescribable sense of exhilaration flooded Sirone's consciousness, which was connected by a signal.

“Then I will tell you.”

Karatorsa, shining golden, looked down at Sirone and burned her eyes.

“All the information in this world.”

It is called omniscience.

Ikael's voice resounded as he rode the Ataraxia, a super-magic booster.

“The reason we came here is to once again color this land with God's mercy. The omnipotent Anchera entrusted the work to one human being.”

Ikael took a breath and said.

“The enlightened one.”

it's dahlia

“So the first thing we have to do is to seek him out. From now on, according to the archangel's order... …

As Ikael's voice echoed, the giants sitting on the ground grumbled.

“Anyway, talk a lot. We can just fight.”

He didn't put mountains under his feet like other giants, but that was proof of his strength.

“Isn’t it?”

Girshin, the giant corps leader, turned to the person who was sitting cross-legged and resting his chin on his chin.

“You are the king of giants.”

Ymir raised the corners of his mouth thickly.

“Hey, leave it alone. Once we start, not even the archangel will be able to stop us.”

Unlike someone who waited for today trapped in the ice of Helheim, he was overflowing with composure.

'It's free.'

I couldn't even remember how long it had been since I had stepped on the battlefield in the state of my body.

“Let’s have fun. Even entertainment like this.” Ikael gave the mission.

“First, the angels look down and survey the entire terrain… …

Son Yoo-jung shouted from the ground.

“Oh, little! shut up!"

Mara and others trembled at the fact that Ataraxia had stopped talking while it was expanding.

“Is that really human?”

It was actually a monkey.

As the woman's stick held by her toes stretched, it rose to Ikael's height.

“It's in the Buddha's palm, but if we need it, he'll find it. Do you think I came to meet that old man? Satan, where is that child! Find it quickly!”

“Yoojung, there is an order to work. If you disobey the archangel's order, no matter how you... …

“Oh, I don't know! I will find it!”

As Yu-jeong pulled Yeoui-bong and flew through the air, an explosion at the speed of sound was immediately heard.

Compressing the atmosphere and flying, it seemed as if they were moving on clouds.

Ikael's henchman, Mara Ashur of the Three Heads asked.

“Should I go after him and kill him?”

“Leave it alone. More important is to control the laws of this world. Uriel.”

“Please tell me.”

Ikael amplified his senses and surveyed the planet.

"South. This is where the human law works most powerfully. Go and deal with it.”

Uriel turned to Shion.

“… … Pagye?”

“It is as you have heard.”

"All right."

Uriel, who rotated the goon of paradise, quickly left the army as he ascended to the oblique line.

'Is there a maze over there?'

Arriving at the South Pole, he looked down at the scene of Zion covered with white ice.

'It doesn't matter.'

Whatever exists will cease to exist.

'Ragnarok.'

As Uriel's judicial halo rotates at the speed of light, it accumulates the concept of destruction.

“Oohhhh!”

As the angel's armor was covered with white electricity, lightning flashed and thunder erupted in all directions.

“What, what!”

The monks of Zion, who were in an emergency, discovered the lightning that filled the sky and put their hands together.

“Must stop!”

Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

A roar that seemed to rip through the heavens exploded, and Yuriel's body was struck like lightning.

"this!"

and the next moment.

'Damn it!'

A cataclysmic blow that collapsed the entire Antarctic continent hit the planet.

continues in the next volume