[206] 3. Eternal Ra (3)

Sirone closed her eyes and received the memories Peope gave her. It was a warm feeling.

“Thank you, Peope.”

If it wasn't for Peope, I wouldn't have come this far. If Amy and the others were rescued safely, Sirone would be happy to give all the credit to Peope.

"joy! what am i I just followed you because I was so curious about what you guys were doing. I know it's because I'm never going to care anymore."

Feope didn't want to admit it until the end, but Sirone knew. The heart is soft and pure. That is why it is impossible to ignore human pain while enjoying an eternal lifespan.

“Peope, you will definitely become a great fairy.”

"it's okay. get in quick I'm too tired and I don't want to be here anymore.”

Feope moved in the direction of the door opening. He was curious about the inside, but he didn't dare to look around the angel's room.

When Sirone entered the room, the iron door closed with a thud.

There was only one door between them, but Peope felt that Sirone had disappeared from the world.

A feeling of loneliness came over me when I realized that there was no one left around me. Is the apex of the world so lonely?

“Sheesh. I'm going back, what.”

After recovering from her troubled heart, Peope took the elevator of light and arrived at the first floor.

When I arrive at Sharmain, I will report to Girin. We must protect her until the cost of her true name is over. And if you ask for sleep, the next day will lead to the same routine as usual.

thud. thud.

The ground rumbled at the entrance on the side Peope was facing. It was the sound of someone coming in. 

Just hearing the sound made Peope's face pale.

I could still only see a shadow, but it was clear that it was a giant. If the floor is shaking, how big is it?

A giant appeared from the entrance.

Contrary to what was expected, the body was not large. 

He was only a little over 2 meters tall, which was lower than the average of a dwarf among giants.

However, judging from the clothing, Ilhwa's level of drinking seemed quite high.

Broad shoulders and a well-developed lower jaw. His forearms were hard as rocks and his eyes were burning.

Feope, who realized the identity of the giant through source knowledge, forgot to even wave her wings. Then, just before he crashed, he managed to balance himself and fly up.

'oh my god… … . Who am I looking at?'

It was Ymir, the king of giants.

The reason why the ground vibrates even though he is not big is because the muscles that make up his body are that heavy.

The strongest giant in history, said to have reached over 10,000 people in the anecdote, was approaching.

Upon discovering Feope, Ymir's gait gradually became faster.

The status of a giant is lower than that of an angel or Mara, but Ymir is a different story.

According to source knowledge, it is said that several worlds were destroyed with only the power of the body.

In terms of simple force alone, it was a being with more power than a middle-class angel.

Feofe gulped and waited for Ymir to come.

When he stopped with a thump, a greeting came out involuntarily.

“Ah, hello.”

Feope felt regret for her careless judgment.

The giant is Matei in the 5th thousand, and the fairy is the Maconom in the 4th thousand, but in reality it was a balanced relationship in the position of Jung and God.

Therefore, fairies did not have to pay homage to the giant, and rather, whenever they met, they kept each other in check and talked badly about each other.

"Who the hell are you?"

“Ah, I am Peope, the spirit of the spiral.”

Feope swallowed her saliva. I didn't know how the giant, who was an enemy, would harm me.

However, contrary to expectations, Ymir greeted them warmly.

“Yes, I have heard of it. I heard that an oddball was born in the fairy world, so it's you.”

It was the first time I heard about it. It was probably a conversation between the higher laws.

He's a geek anyway. What did he do to make such an evaluation from his superiors?

“You look cute. So, why did you come all the way to Arabot?”

“Ah, I was entrusted with acting as the head of the Fairy Manager, Ki-rin Lee.”

Feope looked around like that. Of course, it was true, but he felt guilty because he seemed to have sold and ate Gi-rin.

However, it was time to mobilize even those who didn’t have any personal connections to put an end to the situation.

"I see. I heard that Ikasa came to Sharmain. Did he catch heretics?”

“Yeah, it seemed like that. Right, do you know what happened to the women who were captured?”

Feope wanted to hit the lips that moved differently than she thought.

Now, what do you mean by asking such a thing?

It was already over what he could do, and it was over when he went home.

But contrary to his heart, his ears were erect to catch Ymir's words.

“It looks like you are in Kariel's laboratory. She said she found the meta gate. Because of that, the Great World War seems to be turbulent.”

It was obvious disrespect to not use honorifics for Archangel Kariel, but Ymir didn't mind. That alone gave an idea of ​​how great a warrior he was.

"Oh, I see. But is it a fuss?”

“They say that the lost coordinates are remembered in the metagate. I'm not interested in difficult stories, but war will break out sooner or later. That's why he came to beg Ra. I want my body back.”

"Oh, I see."

The story of Ymir's disembodied body is famous in Heaven.

If Ikael was deprived of his strength by committing a great sin, Ymir was deprived of his original body simply because he was strong.

Ymir was strong. It was too strong. So Ra had no choice but to set physical limits for Ymir.

This was also against the law, and was one of the few exceptional cases in the history of heaven.

When Ymir raised his hand, Feope frightened and closed her eyes. It felt like a huge barrier was approaching.

But what I felt was a soft touch. The giant's fingers stroked Feope's hair.

“War is unavoidable anyway. When the war begins, fight with me. If you are by my side, no enemy will be able to touch you.”

"Ah yes. Okay."

As Ymir passed Feope with a smile in his eyes, the ground started shaking again with a thud, thud.

It was only after he arrived at the platform and disappeared in fragments of light that Feope could barely breathe a sigh of relief.

“Phew, I passed it safely anyway.”

It was embarrassing to be scared by a giant, but it could be said that he was confident enough against Ymir.

I try to rationalize that... … It was true that it was a memory that I wanted to erase honestly.

Feope shook her head and left Arabot. The route to Sharmain was quickly drawn in his mind.

But she was looking elsewhere. Again her mind was confused.

Great World War. metagate. War.

After Ilhwa's drinking broke, unexpected words continued to be heard.

Peope wandered around and was conflicted. His desire to run away and the desire not to do so were colliding.

I heard Sirone's voice in my head.

- You will definitely become a great fairy.

Feope grabbed her head and shook it. However, the language that was already embedded in his thoughts could not be easily shaken off.

“Oh, really! I'm going crazy!”

Peope flew at high speed. One fairy headed to Jebul, the resting place of angels.

@

Anke Ra was staying in the spire of Arabot. 

An omnipotent being who can freely control the lifespan of his subjects and even manage their memories.

Ymir climbed the tower to have an audience with the great being.

Ymir, king of giants.

The strongest giant in the history of Heaven.

The art of anecdotes is divided into 10 final stages until reaching the perfection of a creature. And Ymir was the only giant in the final 10 stages, unprecedented in history.

Even Ymir couldn't help but be nervous right in front of the god's throne where Anchera was staying.

The top floor, which soared into the sky, was less than 1/100 of the area of ​​the first floor.

Arriving on the platform of light, all he could see was a rough iron door.

“Anchera, your servant requests an audience.”

Ymir waited for a while.

The iron door began to vibrate, and the gap in the center widened and opened inward.

Ymir moved without roughness.

ridge. ridge. ridge.

Expansion was heard regularly. It was a sound that was eaten inward, like a loose drum being beaten.

It was a room that was less than 100 pyeong.

Hair-thin bundles of nerves spread out in all directions, filling the cracks in the floor, and gut-like hoses hung from the walls.

The nerves on the floor rose and groped Ymir's ankles, then fell off as if they had lost interest.

Ymir knelt down in front of Ra.

“Ymir the Giant greets Anchera.”

ridge. ridge. ridge.

A huge chunk of meat over Ymir's shoulder greeted him, beating like a heart.

Weight 26 tons. It was reddish-brown, surrounded by slime, and had a featureless disintegrated appearance.

The midsection was bulging while the extremities were like stretched balloons.

Bundles of intestine extending from the extremities filled the wall, and nerves extending from there extended to the floor and rippled like waves.

Ra's body was as if all the organs that make up living things were put together. 

It was the heart and the brain, the digestive and sensory organs.

Ra's nerves began to run wild around Ymir. Then the center of her chunk of meat bulged and she tore open with a crackling sound. Huge pupils popped out as her epidermis opened up and down.

Anker Ra (Eternal Ra, Dating Undeterminable).

The aperture of the pupil, the size of a person's face, narrowed and then expanded to focus.

Then came a high frequency sound that pierced the eardrum.

“Kik! giant… … Squeak! Ymir, why me... … Squeak! Did you come?”

Even with the noise of scratching nails on a steel plate, not a single expression of Ymir had changed.

“A group of heretics entered the sacred heaven. Those who denied Ilhwa's drink have been handed over to Kariel and are preparing to receive the drink of life.”

"know… … there is."

Ra's voice calmed down little by little. It was still a high tone, but no more noise.

I know everything. So she decided that Ymir hadn't heard back yet. But no matter how long she waited, nothing came out of Ra.

“What is your intention?”

"nothing. I… … Should I care?”

“This is unusual. It is said that the coordinates of the world that have not been penetrated so far are recorded in the metagate. This is a golden opportunity to convey the will of Ra.”

“E-mi-le.”

For three syllables, the tone of Ra's voice dropped precipitously, followed by a majestic voice.

“I am the beginning and end of the world. Everything is connected to me, so I don't have to worry about anything.”

Ymir pursed his lips.

It is omnipotent. Therefore, any event will be included in his domain. However, he couldn't get his body back and retreat.

“I want my body back. Please melt the wall of ice that never melts.”

“Ymir, were you not my servant?”

“Don't misunderstand. A giant is one who keeps the law. This is also to keep the law of heaven.”

“No.”

Ymir raised his head with burning eyes. But when she faced Ra's great one-eye, all her emotions dissipated.

“One giant step may be louder than the blasphemous actions of a billion heretics. Especially if the owner of that step is Ymir, the king of giants.”

“Do you doubt my loyalty? Do you think I will rebel against the great you?”

“You, Ymir, do not misunderstand. Your power breaks the balance of the world. Do not forget that the law exists to maintain the whole.”

After saying that, he closed his eyes. As the gaps in the mucous membrane were completely closed, the intensity of the beating increased.

ridge. ridge. ridge.

---------------------------------------