Groggy (5)

“I will tell you.”

Canis walked beside Dorothy.

“If what a temple needs is simply minerals, doesn’t it matter if it’s not this place?”

Iruki answered meekly.

"yes."

“Then why are you kicking us out? This is a historically important site. Besides, our team is working on this project at their own expense.”

“You know that compensation goes in, but’?”

"It's not that kind of problem."

It was not a matter of stalling, but a matter of emotion.

“Don't you at least have to convince me? Why play so hard when you can use the entire mountain range?”

“The temple is busy. I won’t set a limit on the amount of mining, and I can’t afford to care about your circumstances.”

Canis saw through Iruki's mind that he didn't want to leave even a 0.1 percent variable.

“In a word, are we troublesome and cumbersome beings?”

“I can see that.”

A light of anger burned in Canis' eyes.

“Oh, yes. You grew up a lot, Iruki.”

As the escort knights in the back drew their swords at the same time, a terrifying killing spree spread.

"this??????!"

Closer and Sabina entered the Spirit Zone, but they already realized it in their heads.

'Really strong.'

The prestige of the collective life alone was breathtaking.

“Canis, it’s no use.” Arin said.

“I won’t change the way I think.”

The figure of Iruki seen through menarche was a gigantic flame burning with life as fuel.

'It's different from risking your life.'

It felt like the will to do it without fail transcended life.

“Sheesh! I know you're lucky.”

After Canis died, Closer and Sabina also released the Spirit Zone.

It was a very miserable atmosphere.

“Do I really have to say it that way?” Dorothy asked.

“You can explain it better. You can ask for help, ask for forgiveness. It's not even someone we don't know... … Iruki put her in her eyes.

The 4D girl who liked daydreaming was now leading the team as an adult.

“You’ve changed a lot.”

The clothes that boldly exposed her bare chest and the straightforward way she spoke were different from before.

“No, you are wrong.”

Of course, many things change as we get older.

However, because we shared the same time, there were certain things that could never change.

“It's a tough place outside of school. I'm not as stubborn as I used to be. But I'm still moving towards my dream. Canis, Arin, Closer, and Sabina all have the same dreams they had in their school days.”

"Then let's pretend I've changed."

“You did that to me!” cried Dorothy.

“There are no adults in the world. There are only children and children who imitate adults.” “The truth is, it’s still in your mind. But why are you talking that way? Just like a real adult.”

It's sad.

Although calculating, the Iruki that Dorothy remembered was a child who really knew what was important.

“… … I'm sorry, but I don't have time for this.”

The only person who knew the true meaning behind the phrase “there is no time” was Arin.

'Iruki is right, Dorothy.'

I don't know what kind of problem I had with my body, but it was menarche, when I had already abandoned my lingering attachments to life.

'However, it is not revealed... … Because I want to be confident in front of my friends.

'Because I would have done the same.'

That's why she had no choice but to remain silent even in a situation where her alumni were antagonistic.

"okay? I do not have time?"

Dorothy sprawled and walked to Hickory Nineteen and sprawled.

“Pearl! We can never get out of the way! Step on it or kill it, whatever you want!”

Dorothy's face looked sad as her eyes were tightly closed.

'Bad child.'

Other people might not know, but Iruki shouldn't do this to himself.

'This is the meeting Dorothy has been looking forward to... …

Sabina, who understood his feelings, stretched out next to Dorothy and shouted.

"okay! kill, kill! Kill us!”

Aromi raised her glasses and said.

“I will take you.”

As the knights stride forward, Iruki turned around and said.

"That's Okay. I'm leaving today.”

"but… …

“This is a team that has investigated the Arca Mountains for a long time. It will help you because your skills are not going down. It is not good to start a conflict already.”

It went against Aromi's work philosophy, but respect for Iruki came first.

she said to Kanis.

“According to the Commander-in-Chief's instructions, I will give you one day's time. I hope you make a good decision.”

As the temple pulled the wagon away, Ar-Rin approached the two and said,

“I left. stop getting up.”

Dorothy sat down with a grim expression on her face.

“I can’t work today. Let's go back and make a countermeasure. I will also review Iruki’s proposal.”

No matter how angry he was, he was a wizard who did what he had to do.

“I’m sorry for the poor place you are staying. Because I didn't expect to be staying... …

The place where Iruki stayed was a temporary barracks 300 meters away from the mining site.

"are you okay. How about the excavation team?” Aromi pretended to look outside.

all.

“I was stuck in a temporary building and I can’t even see my nose. It looks like they're reviewing the papers we handed over.”

Iruki stood up from his chair.

“Perhaps they will accept it. They're angry because of me, they're sensible and smart kids. Do not worry."

Aromi laughed hard.

“I am not concerned. I'm worried about the general's health. Since it happened like this, take a day off.”

Though he wanted to rest, the thought of the army in Hell lingered in his mind.

The time when everyone is asleep except for the night shift.

This rookie, who was sitting on a chair and closing his eyes, heard footsteps and lifted his eyelids.

“Let go. Let go of this.” At the entrance to the barracks, Dorothy stood with her arm held by the knights.

When she took off her work clothes, her youthful appearance from before was revealed, but her outfit still didn't suit her.

“Sir General. This woman squeezes and squeezes... …

"are you okay."

As the knights saluted and left, Dorothy approached, kneading the arm that had been held.

“Awesome. People like that die at your words.”

"what's the matter?"

Dorothy didn't answer.

“When it comes to mining rights, my position does not change. From tomorrow, the military supply company we contracted with… …

“That’s all right.”

Dorothy cut off.

“Apart from work, don’t we have homework to solve on our own?”

Dorothy came faster than usual.

“Have you been drinking?”

“It doesn't matter. What I want to hear is... … Why are you like that'?”

" what?"

Dorothy never forgot.

“We kissed.”

“You did.”

"anyway! And you dated.”

Although we broke up after 13 minutes.

“Why did you do that? Did you have any feelings for me? Or just curious? Which of the two is it?”

“What does that matter?”

“It's important to me.”

First man, first kiss.

I could have just left it as a good memory, but when I saw her face, I couldn't help but ask.

" I am??????

Recalling his school days, Iruki sighed and then stopped talking and turned around.

"Let's stop. It's pointless.”

“No meaning? why? Now that you're in a high position, is it childish? Or maybe I'll catch you by the ankle... …

“I will die soon.”

Dorothy's words cut off.

"??????what?"

“My brain is pretty good. to the point of sacrificing life. But recently, the function has improved even more.”

If it was a joke, it was bad.

“Uh, what does that mean? Where in the world can you die just because you used your hair?”

“It's not dangerous. Maybe I can hold out quite a bit. But I'm the brains behind the crusade, and I'm not going to stop. If the overdrive continues like this, maybe... …

Iruki made a popping sound and pretended to explode.

"no."

Dorothy shook her head.

“It can’t be.”

He was angry to hide his precious feelings, but in fact he was a friend whom he missed so much.

"haha! Don't be scared. Are you still able to hold out?”

It still is.

“To be honest, it’s comfortable. I can't be weak Because I am responsible for so many lives. Ah, the Hickory No. 19 you made was cool. Did you improve it a lot?”

Dorothy wept.

“Why are you so stupid? Nothing has changed between then and now!”

Iruki smiled bitterly.

“Anyway, help me. Since you are the team leader, you have to convince the team members... …

Before he could finish his words, Dorothy grabbed Iruki by the collar and threw him onto the bed.

“I told you I wasn’t here to talk about work. I must listen to the answer unconditionally.”

Dorothy took off her shoes and climbed onto the bed and knelt with Iruki's face between her legs.

It was a pair of short jeans that exposed the entire thigh.

“… … What are you doing?”

"If you don't know that, you're not a man." Of course I know.

“You’re crazy.”

“Why are you suddenly like this? I am Dorothy.”

Of course you know that too.

“I told you. I have no intention of stopping Maybe my life is too short to do anything with you.”

Dorothy raised an eyebrow.

“Aren’t you going to eat if you die tomorrow?” Iruki, who was lost in thought for a moment, slowly turned his head left and right.

'Left thigh. Ooh thighs.'

Because there was nowhere to run.

'Oh, go straight.'

Iruki jumped up and stood up.

the next morning.

Dorothy, who came out of the barracks like a stray cat, went into the water as if nothing had happened.

Team members gathered in the living room, reviewing court papers over the temple.

Sabina raised her head.

“Where are you going? You weren't in your room this morning?"

"uh? Oh, I was just checking the mine for a second.”

When I let go of the pretension and went into the living room, Kanis grumbled with a dissatisfied expression.

“Sheesh, it doesn’t make sense to be kicked out like this anyway.”

Again, that was the case.

“Here, there you are.”

Dorothy spoke carefully.

“Why don’t we just take a step back? To be honest, even Iruki would be distracted by the war. Ruins are also important, but shouldn’t mankind survive first?”

As the team members blinked at the attitude that had changed overnight, Arin said.

“Actually, we were holding the strand that way too. After all, a court battle against the holy war is not a win.”

Clutching her chin, Sabina rummaged through the files.

“Once I reviewed it, it's definitely not a bad condition. We can preoccupy the right to excavate the next site, and the penalty paid as a condition of giving up is sufficient.”

Dorothy's face widened.

“Then, shall I meet the chief? Maybe we can get better terms.”

The file folder slammed closed.

“There is no disagreement about that. But before that, there is something I must point out.”

"huh? What are you pointing out?”

Sabina pointed at Dorothy with sullen eyes.

“Did you sleep with him?”

“Hoo?”

Dorothy rolled her eyes as Closer looked back with interest.

“Well, as for how that happened… … Even with 10 mouths, there was nothing to say.