[576] Almighty Monster (3)

* * *

Even after Shirone was summoned by Shiina, the black-and-white match continued fiercely.

Amy and Anchal's hand, which they met at the training ground behind the graduating class, was a draw with ●● (two-dan), and a clash occurred to take the scramble in a situation where the same hand was revealed.

Jincheon Magic - Sagado.

A huge serpent coiled around Amy and bit her upper body.

“Keugh!”

It's just an illusion, but the intensity of the psychological shock is at a dead line.

Above all, the fact that avoidance was impossible was the most difficult.

'Red eyes!'

As Amy's eyes burned red and reset her mind, the impression of her eyes crumpled.

'Self-image memory. This is difficult.'

The only person who could put pressure on him at school would be Vice Principal Olivia at best, but Hong An, who did not receive the welcome itself, was the worst of the worst in Sangseong.

Jincheon magic - sword fighting.

Amy felt her flesh being ripped apart as thousands of blades rose from the ground and swayed like grass.

However, once the Red Eye is activated, all illusions are reset.

Amy, who broke through the sword fight, threw a fist, and Anchal put her fist between her elbow and knee.

“Kuk!”

It was a martial art trained by experts, if not schematized.

'Martial Arts of the East. What is it?'

Amy, who had spread the distance, regained her composure, but Anchal held out her hand.

“I’ll yield to the scramble.”

"gibberish!"

"I'll withdraw from the game if you want."

"what?"

Only then did Amy stop moving.

“It is pointless to fight any more. I just want to investigate Istas. I have no intention of interfering with school life.”

I couldn't figure out the intention of Anchal.

'Come to think of it, even in the consultation, I had a private meeting with Sirone upon victory.'

In case of defeat, it was the price of not breaking the seal of the demon's eye even in the graduation exam.

'Unless there is a clear purpose, there is no balance. Do you really not care about graduation?'

Amy asked directly.

“Who the hell are you? Why is a talented person like you in school?”

“I collect dolls… … .”

"shut up! Who do you think would believe that now?”

Anchal sighed.

“The purpose cannot be revealed. I just want to make a deal. As I said earlier, it doesn't matter if you abstain. It's good to discuss with team members. Instead, if you win... … .”

"no."

Amy cut off her words.

“Everyone gave up even the graduation evaluation and is fighting fiercely. I don't know what the trick is, but I can't tolerate such a secret agreement. So you fight with all your might.”

"is it?"

Anchal, lost in thought, muttered in his native language.

“I don’t understand the Western way of thinking.”

“What are you muttering?”

As Amy rushed with her red eyes flashing, Anchal waved her hand.

Jincheon witchcraft - image realization (self-portrait).

'Oops!'

Flames rose from Amy's body and formed into a huge female body.

It was a tricky ability that materialized the target's mind into an image and made it attack the owner.

'Is this my self-portrait?'

Amy looked up at the woman burning with huge flames.

The firepower was intense enough to explode, and she was a woman of fire with a full chest.

“… … Images are also distorted by complexes.”

Amy's face turned red.

“You are laughing! Are you okay with me?”

At that time, the self-portrait of fire swung a fist and attacked Amy.

'Red eyes!'

Amy would be the only person who could remove the self-portrait at the same time as it was implemented, but the face mask also disappeared before I knew it.

“What is this… … .”

The fact that he disappeared without even taking the scramble added credibility to Anchal's words.

'I don't know what you're thinking.'

* * *

“… … I believe it exists. I believe that your love will change the world.”

In a deep forest where no one visits, Eden prayed.

The condition of the contract with the allied team is to keep the infinite combination until the end of the 7th day.

Granted a free roll in return, she was pushing her faith to the limit for the decisive moment.

“God is omnipotent, transcendent, and unique.”

That's why his own body, in which Yor dwells, was invincible.

"Oh God! Use me according to your will.”

Incomprehensible prayers came out of her mouth one after another, and a holy light burned brilliantly from her body.

* * *

bang!

Shiina slammed the desk and shouted.

“Is there an alternative mind, or is it not! Fighting at school!”

“It’s not a fight, it’s a scramble… … .”

"shut up! When I asked them to come and go, did they run rampant without being able to tell what was going on?”

Shiina has a reasonable personality, but this time, she didn't leave room for objection.

“You are a walking strategic weapon! Don't you know that people around the world are watching Dongtae? Did you come back from heaven just to play this game with your friends?”

Shiina was also a member of the task force that participated in the Heaven Project, so Shirone was disappointed.

“This is a trap that Frings has dug. I'm running to kill you, so what do I do?"

“You die anyway.”

Shiina said coldly.

“You should be thankful that you caused an accident with the whole world. Even if you had a little humanity in your accident, you are already dead. Whether it's a kingdom, an organization, or anything under the surface, he's probably been assassinated already.”

Shirone lowered her head sullenly, and Shiina's tone softened a little.

“You know what? You are not alive because there is something to protect you. Rather, everyone is the enemy, so we can't use our hands right now. Standing in the center of a typhoon with an incredibly narrow core. In this state, if you stray even a little, you will be caught up in an instant.”

It was like a dream when I came back to school and spent time with my friends.

So did you think that this time could go on forever?

"sorry. We will prevent this from happening in the future.”

Only then did Shiina, who had calmed down, turned the chair and crossed her arms.

“Quietly finish.”

"yes?"

When Shirone asked back, Shiina frowned as if she didn't like it.

“Even the principal knows about Scramble Royale. Miss Olivia has a lot of influence in her teacher community, but it's impossible to block her student channels. If you can understand it, the school will tolerate it, so you should calmly deal with it without saying anything else.”

Sirone, who blinked, saw through the true intentions and replied.

"all right."

“Stop going out. To be clear, something like today shouldn't happen again. You know what I mean?”

Shirone bowed her head in front of the door and quietly left the room.

* * *

When Sirone returned to the battlefield, Iruki summoned everyone to the hideout.

On Day 4, when Scramble Royale was half way through, a few unusual things were noticed.

“Anchal suggested a secret meeting. I was embarrassed and refused, but I thought I should report it.”

“As expected, Cayden leaves the battlefield. I haven't seen one today.”

“You must be receiving recovery magic. I will be back within the 7th day.”

“One peculiar thing is that there is no Eden activity. I didn’t even collect scrambles.”

“You were smashed by Sirone yesterday. Could it be that he gave up?”

Iruki shook his head.

“Optimism is not good. Enemies aren't stupid either. It must be something you're aiming for.”

Sabina said.

“The two combined teams have been inactive, but Fisho has started collecting scrambles in earnest. The difference in card collection speed compared to the number of people is not large because the insects are released and taken up quickly.”

“Since we have confirmed that scramble can be moved to other factors, we will actively utilize it. Then we have Dorothy. From now on, when the second half begins, you also have to think about the total amount of cards you can collect. We use Hickory to keep scramble stockpiled. can you do it?”

“… … huh."

Dorothy answered in a low voice.

Iruki glanced back at the lack of motivation like yesterday, but for now, he turned his attention away and asked Sirone.

“How was it anyway? I heard you were called by Shiina-sensei?”

Sirone shook his head bitterly.

"I don't think I'll be able to go into the class room from now on."

Nade gnashed his teeth.

“Damn, that’s too much. Those bastards must have been aiming for something like that.”

“No, I was wrong. Because I can’t harm my juniors.”

Only if the person concerned did so did his friends have no choice but to accept it.

“There will be restrictions on your actions in the future. Knowing that scramble moves are possible, the combined team will relentlessly attack. So, do we have to redesign the circulation?”

"are you okay."

Sirone said with a smile.

“Because I can finish it before entering the training ground.”

* * *

That night. Etella came to Shiina late at night.

“How is Sirone? Were you very surprised during the day?”

“I sent it to Tyler.”

Shiina touched her feverish forehead.

“Ha, I am the worst teacher. Inciting a fight.”

“It is unavoidable. It's not just a school problem."

He returned from heaven, but it was a truce.

That's why heads of state around the world were watching Sirone's progress.

“It is frustrating. I don’t know what the hell is going on, so I can’t find a solution.”

“Sensei Shiina, you just have to do what you can. There are already experts on the move.”

- Do what you want. It's about being a great teacher.

Armin's voice echoed in my ears.

'With that being said... … .'

Since then, there has been no contact at all.

No, to be honest, it was Quan, not Armin, who made him burn.

'How could this be? I sent you so many letters.'

While there was no reply, a letter came from the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy.

The language was polite, but it said that Kuan had dropped out of school, so stop stalking him.

'Mr. Quan said you could send me a letter! She's making me a weird woman!'

Shiina frowned in stress, but her eyes soon calmed down.

'Where did he go, that person?'

I don't know, but one thing was certain.

The place where he was standing would be right in the middle of the fiercest battlefield in the world.

"ah."

Realizing that she had been thinking about something else in front of people, Shiina corrected her expression and said.

"sorry. But what did you come for? Is it because of Sirone?”

“That too, I have something to tell you.”

"which?"

Ethella's expression became serious.

“I heard from Head Coach Collie that Fermi didn’t attend the evaluation today.”

“Are you Fermi? That is really surprising.”

It was the first time in Shiina's memory that he acted directly as the head of the ring of gold, leading powerful colleagues.

“Is it related to Scramble Royale?”

“It cannot be said that there is no problem, but it is likely to be a bigger problem than that, the problem of Estas. The golden ring members who participated in Scramble Royale were Hercy and Caden. And before the 5th day, the most overheated period, Fermi disappeared. I'm thinking that maybe this is Fermi's personal problem, not the golden ring.”

"It's a secret enough to turn the members' attention to Scrumble Royale."

"yes. That feeling is strong.”

“Hmm.”

Shiina, who was sitting at her desk and lost in thought, turned her head again.

“What on earth is there in Estas to do this? Didn't it end with the space-time of the maze disappearing?"

When Ethella showed hesitation in answering, Shiina pressed on.

"Tell me please. Now that I've left the task force, I have no intention of interfering, but shouldn't I know something to protect Sirone?"

Ethella opened her mouth as if she had made up her mind.

"all right. Just don’t think of getting too involved.”

Shiina asked the most curious questions first.

“Rumors from the upper echelons. Is that true?”

Everything that cannot exist in this world exists.

“To begin with, I wouldn’t be wrong at all.”

Shiina's expression darkened.

"really… … Is there such a thing? What is it?”

Etella recalled what she had heard after returning from heaven.

“According to the story I heard from Mr. Miro… … .”

A long story that had to cross the night began.

---------------------------------------