[494] That afternoon (2)

The laser shot into the sky through the Valhalla action instantly reversed cause and effect, concentrating the magic of Amgu in the sky 6,000 kilometers in the sky.

Amgu borrowed the battery of the god's particles and sucked in the mass at an terrifying speed, and finally a spear of light with a mass of 10 tons was born.

The planet's gravitational force pulled its 10-ton mass strongly, and light with great kinetic energy began to ram straight down towards the spire of Arabot.

Time left until the destruction of Heaven.

18 minutes 42 seconds.

'no! As it is... … .'

Ikael looked at the sky with a blank expression.

The Valhalla Action moved Sirone to the entrance of Arabot in an instant, and the thickness of the laser fired from there was enough to pierce the sky.

If Sirone's magic is true, heaven will perish.

'How can I stop it?'

While she was concerned about the safety of Heaven, nothing mattered to Faiel, the archangel of annihilation.

It simply flew towards the place where Sirone was in order to remove the impurities in front of it.

Ikael knew that it was to kill Sirone.

However, no matter how much the original concept was extinction, it was questionable why Faiel was so reckless.

'What is at the end of this war?'

In the message Faiel left behind, the true intentions of Ankera, who banned the activities of angels and reinstated himself as the archangel, must have been hidden.

“Sirone… … .”

Faiel was already closing the distance with Sirone by more than half.

Since he had intended to kill her from the start, if left alone, Sirone would just disappear into nothingness.

“Keugh!”

As I thought about it, Ikael's asteroid began to vibrate at a terrifying speed.

She made a resolution every time her mind was shaken, but she finally realized it in front of the reality of absolute death called Faiel.

The fact that something bigger than heaven might be nestled in lost memories.

Ataraxia with super-magic amplification.

Ikael clenched his fists and inflated his halos.

Hey hey hey!

The spectacle of light striking a huge magic circle hundreds of meters in diameter is truly heavenly beauty.

She mobilized all available mental power to reveal the original concept, and poured that mighty amplifying power into a single thought.

'I need to get my memory back!'

A piece of memory that Ankera erased.

What remained at the edge of the disconnected thought was only a small signal that could not even be called language, but Ataraxia amplified it more than 200 million times and filled the mind with a perfectly clear image.

"uh?"

As the only remaining image swept through his body, he began to repair the bluntly ripped off memories on his own.

The archangel's thought advanced so fast that it could be called light, and finally, as if a new road was connected to a broken bridge, all thoughts were perfectly unified into one history.

"ah… … .”

Tears, clear as light, flowed down Ikael's cheeks.

Aaaaaaaaaaaa!

The bitter cry of the noblest angel in the world shook Arabot.

'How, how could I forget?'

A miserable feeling pierced his chest like a dagger, and his mind spewed out of his mouth like blood.

Sirone.

and guffins.

Compared to the life he has lived his whole life as the first angel and the head of all angels, the time he met them is only a moment.

But for Ikael, it was the most beautiful and brightest moment in her time.

Only that memory can exist.

So if you lost that memory, it was you who didn't need to exist.

I never thought that the result of choosing for Sirone would eventually ruin everything like this.

'Ra is... … .'

Where are you trying to lead the whole world?

“Sirone eh eh!”

Ikael suddenly came to his senses and spread his wings of light.

In exchange for regaining her memories, she had exhausted most of her mental strength, but she managed to squeeze a bit of power and fly to my Sirone.

When he looked down, Faiel had already arrived in front of Sirone and was gathering the energy of extinction in his hand.

“Are you running towards your own death? Well, that would be the limit of humans, the Nephilim.”

Sirone gritted his teeth and glared at Faiel.

It took 10 minutes to pay while changing the cause and effect with the Valhalla action.

The risk wouldn't have been this great if only God's Punishment was cast, but it took much longer than expected to move to the coordinates where you could hit Arabot's spire accurately.

'No, it's made with this.'

He could not save Peope, who had dedicated his entire life for him, and was almost killed by Ikael, whom he had expected to become a spiritual refuge for the rest of his life.

I thought that since I had completed my mission, it didn't matter at all from now on.

'Amy, I'm sorry. Everyone… … .'

Remembering the faces of the precious people she left behind in her hometown, Sirone waited for the death to come.

“Gone, insignificant thing!”

The face made up of light and darkness hidden behind Faiel's hood twisted grotesquely, and the darkness made of particles burned like a flame.

Just as the power of extinction raged and was about to swallow Sirone, Ikael caught up with Faiel by a narrow margin.

“No eh eh eh!”

Aaaaaaaaaagh!

When Ikael, who blocked Sirone's way, activated his power, the concept of extinction and amplification collided and the whole area was shaken.

'Ikael?'

Sirone looked up at Ikael's face, who was two heads taller than her.

He wasn't sweating, but his complexion was pale and his eyes were haggard.

Even so, Ikael tried to smile for Sirone, but soon that expression turned into sadness, sorry, and sorrow that surpassed everything, conveying the sorrowful feelings as they were.

"I'm sorry."

Ikael said everything that cannot be expressed in words with his eyes.

"sorry. sirone... … .”

The moment she saw Ikael's tears, the same tears flowed from Sirone's eyes.

Possibly the same ingredient, the cozy feeling that makes you want to be lost in such an illusion forever begins to inject moisture into Sirone's sensibilities that have dried up through the war.

“Sirone, you… … .”

Aaaaaaaaagh!

Before he could finish his words, Ikael's body was thrown to the side.

After she disappeared, Sirone saw Faiel with an angry expression in her field of vision.

“This is Ikael. Fallen filthy archangel. How far will you go to destroy the existence of angels?”

Sirone tried her best to move her body, but there was no way to violate the principle of equivalent exchange.

“It won’t matter.”

Faiel turned his head to Sirone again.

“It’s enough when both ugliness and nobility disappear.”

When Faiel attacked Sirone again, Ikael, who fell to the ground, jumped up and blocked the way again.

“Keugh!”

It was the only thing she could do, having exhausted her strength in exchange for remembering Sirone.

But now, even Faiel didn't care.

As if to overwhelm him with only power and concept, he poured his ability of extinction into Ikael in front of him.

As the dotted smoke of darkness enveloped Ikael, like a swarm of insects, her asteroid gradually began to lose its light.

“Huhhhhhh!”

He tried desperately to hold on, but the shock of the angel's presence being erased was evident in Ikael's expression.

'Ugh, uhhhhh. Aaaaaa!'

Sirone shed tears as she looked at Ikael.

The feeling of having no choice but to watch someone you love die without being able to lift a finger or burst into tears was the final destination of the most miserable emotions that humans can feel.

“It’s okay, Sirone… … . are you okay."

Ikael's smile was beautiful.

It was the most beautiful smile in the universe.

* * *

Armin, Shiina, and Quan arrived in front of Ingris' portal and waited for Etella to arrive.

Zulu, who went to save the metagate, had to meet him separately outside, but he needed a disk to extract the coordinates from the Akashic Records.

“It is strangely late. I don't know what happened.”

Etella must also know that time is running out, so even if Ya-maeng had broken his promise or failed to keep the contract, it would have been normal if he had arrived at Jebul by now.

“Let’s wait a little longer. He's a nice person, but he's not so clumsy that he can't make sense of things. I'll be back soon.”

Shiina still believed in Etella, but a bad feeling was triggered in her head as well.

Bishop of the Karsis Monastery.

Heaven is definitely a place teeming with beings so powerful that one cannot even comfortably roam around with normal skills, but at least there is nothing that can't be done to the extent of avoiding fights and carrying out missions.

Even when Gaold first formed the team, it was proven that he prioritized Etella over himself.

'What the hell happened?'

As Shiina's thoughts began to creep in with anxiety, a muffled scream came from Ingris' hallway.

“Kurrrrr!”

All three heads turned at the same time.

Just looking at the ferocious shape of the shadow that had escaped from the corner first, I could tell that it was not a normal enemy.

"what?"

It was a creature they had never seen before.

However, I would have felt the same way no matter who I brought to this place in the world.

Garas, which have no clear species characteristics, are expressed only through the biological characteristics of their mother, and the only fixed and unchanging traits are a protein arch and a tremendous desire to reproduce.

The shapes of the dark ones were different, perhaps because of this, but originally they were all subordinates of the night blindness, so there was some unity.

It was two meters tall, with black skin covered in slime, long knees bent with reverse joints, and a twisting spine with a tail full of bumps at the end.

“Kikiki! It is breeding!”

Basically, because human traits were grafted, language was not a problem.

However, what was different from the kings of breeding who were born in the headquarters of Resis was that they were all strong men with biological strength of telomere level 5 or higher.

The moment she saw Garas' eyes, Shiina got goosebumps.

It was completely different from killing, but it was a terrifying fear that I couldn't help but feel instinctively as a woman.

ice cloud.

A freezing haze rose around Shiina.

The rapidly cooled air froze into ice crystals that splattered like glass dust on the floor.

The fact that the warlike Shiina cast defense magic before even competing with each other could tell how much of a shock she felt.

However, the fear was controlled by the sorcerer's cool reason, and the will to fight burned in the eyes glaring at the evil lust.

'Cheeky things.'

The person who sensed Garras' disposition and felt the most displeased was Kuan.

He was burning with vitality, but he gripped the handle of his sword stronger than usual.

"I'll take it... … .”

The moment Kuan tried to block Shiina's way, Armin preoccupied the position first.

“Stand back. There is no need to drain your energy in a place like this.”

With Armin's stop, any enemy can be blocked.

However, from Shiina's point of view, Armin's overprotection against an enemy that was neither an angel nor a Mara was unpleasant.

If I had to add one thing to that, the gaze of Garas, who looked down on me, was annoying enough to make me nervous.

“I’m worried. Just this much... … !”

“Kiaaaaa!”

Dozens of Garas screamed.

The roar of hundreds of emotions mixed in a single sonic wave is an inherent characteristic that no creature can imitate.

The three people who were exposed to the desire that emotionally overwhelms humans were very tense.

The powerful vitality of telomere level 5 plus extreme desire added to the explosive movement of Garras.

ice dagger.

From Shiina's frozen cloud, ice knives that turned into daggers were scattered in all directions.

The magic cast by a certified 5th level wizard was fired without a break, and the approaching glass bounced off each one.

Ting! teeting!

As the Garras shrank their bodies, their uppers hardened and shattered the ice swords.

Although he is pushed back by the shock, he is not fatally injured.

Even Quan's sword was deflected by the resilience of chitin.

'Damn it!'

It wasn't as good as Ringer's armor, but it was humiliating for a swordsman to have a mediocre creature block its own attack with its body.

Absolute Zero.

When Shiina's most powerful magic, Absolute Zero, was cast, the glass began to freeze one by one.

As Quan's sword took effect, fragments of frozen Garath flew in all directions.

in the middle of that open view.

A man was standing.

---------------------------------------