cold world (3)

Dante looked around the town.

Instead of the concept of walls and roofs, it followed a unique residential style called solar roads.

The earth shone like a star as the sun came in along the tangle of trees.

'They eat food too, but in extreme conditions, they can survive with only water and sun.'

Of course, I never ate meat. A smile bloomed on Flallino's face as he followed the path to the sun, where the ceiling was open in a straight line.

“Ah, look at this sunlight. what a beautiful sky As you walk along this path of the sun... …

He wanted to share the joy of the fire family, but what returned was Lufist's cold eyes.

“I’m sorry.”

Contrary to expectations, Rufist looked up at the sky.

“Do you like the sun?”

"yes? Oh, of course. For the Hwajok, the sun is the gift that brings them the greatest joy.”

“I like you too.”

Flallino's mouth fell open in a daze.

“I don’t look up for no reason. How many human beings live thinking that there is a sky?”

"why? It's so good. You feel happy when you close your eyes while basking in the sunlight.”

"happiness?"

Lufist laughed.

“You know what the first thing we threw away to build the system we have today? It's the object's happiness. It is fueled by the suffering of the entire population.”

the fire man asked.

“What does that mean? If nobody can be happy, why would you do that?”

“To dominate you.” “It is human to give up happiness if you can be superior. Shall we call it madness for the best? But a system that is more insane than ours has emerged.”

The Hwajok did not leave the realm, but the situation was read through the small world creation.

“Which one is crazier will decide the winner of the system. okay? Humans are in this world. But you guys say what the sun is like, what happiness is like.”

Flallino bowed his head sullenly.

“I know we are a failed race. That's why you live in hiding.”

“It is still too early to conclude.”

When Flarino turned around with a surprised expression, Lufist shot the air with his index finger.

"anyway… … The weather is killing it.”

How long had it been since you realized that the sky exists and you can look at it?

'Is it time for me to retire too?'

Since when did you become sentimental?

“You are here.”

In a sunny spot, a woman with black hair was sitting cross-legged.

'That woman... …

Lufist stopped in his tracks at the rich scent of lotus flowers in the air.

“Are you a direct descendant of the Hwa clan?”

The woman smiled and bowed her head.

"yes. It is said to be a protea of ​​the Lotus lineage. Thank you for coming to such a humble place.”

In return for the deal, he gave them a place to live, but he didn't really care who the chieftain was.

I only heard a report that there was a Hwajok who came on their own after the village was built.

'Lotus lineage. It remained.'

The beginning of the Hwajok is known as the lotus flower.

“A long time ago, an unknown Buddha sat on a lotus flower and devoted himself to seeking the truth for 40,000 years.”

Protea said.

“It is said that the lotus, which neither withered nor died, heard about human life with the Buddha.”

Lufist received it.

“And on the day the Buddha left, the lotus flower also realized incarnation and became a human being. That is the story of the birth of the Hwajok.”

It's just a myth, but unless it's true, the reason for the diverse bloodlines of the Hwajok cannot be explained.

'It can't happen spontaneously. Unless the first Hwajok spreads through the small world creation... …

Therefore, the Lotus lineage in front of you is the direct lineage of the Hwajok who attained enlightenment from the Buddha.

'It's annoying.'

If it was another fire tribe, it would be enough to intimidate them, but Protea was a formidable opponent.

"is it so. Our benefactor, Mr. Lupist, why did you stop by this place?”

“You know?”

It wasn't an exaggeration to say that if it was a direct descendant's ability, he controlled the entire forest beyond the village.

“Whoops. Yes, actually... … . I heard Rufust's philosophy about the system. He must have faced a situation where he had to precisely control the flowers.”

Dante readily admitted.

"yes. It is a gigantic structure. We built a separate interface, but dozens of people are mobilized for precision work.”

“On the other hand, if it were a small world creation, one fire person would be able to control even the nerve unit.”

Rufist came out.

“If I knew, it would be quicker. If we lose, you can't survive either. You'd better cooperate.”

"The fire tribe's judgment... …

The smile disappeared from Protea's face.

“It’s a refusal.”

It was an unexpected answer, but Rufist was unstoppable.

“Then die.”

Flarino screamed and jumped back as the blade soared around her.

“The strategy won’t change without you alone. If you walk around holding your head, other fire tribes will join you.”

Dante asked.

“Why? Half of the world has already been passed over to the demons. If humans are defeated, you will not be safe either.”

“We die anyway.”

The fire tribe's gaze was focused on her.

“There must be at least hundreds of ancient weapons, considering that they mobilize the entire fire family. If it is an enemy that cannot be stopped even with such powerful weapons, are we not victims?”

Rufist did not deny it.

“Human beings will pay the price too. He's risking everything to get it all, that's war.”

“It is a human war. Suggest a means to ensure the survival of the fire tribe. Otherwise cooperation is impossible.”

The Hwajok who had been listening in the forest appeared and activated the small world changyu.

The forest trembled, and a squirming sensation was transmitted, as if bundles of nerves were passing under the ground.

"joy."

The moment Lufist snorted, a blade bigger than a man rose up next to him.

“Keugh!”

Some fire tribes frowned, but Protea didn't even blink.

“Coercion is useless. You've had us do whatever you want, but you'll choose death yourself."

“I-I will do it.”

All eyes were focused on Flallino.

“I will move the flowers, so don’t fight. I've already done it, so I'm sure I'll do well."

Protea widened her eyes.

“Flarino, what are you doing? It's a battle where the fate of the entire family is at stake. There are no options.”

“If you don’t have a choice, at least you have to fight. If humans are defeated, the Hwajok will perish as well.”

“No, if we're going to perish anyway, we won't help humans. Think of what they've done so far. I mocked your body and insulted your mind! Humans are the most selfish!”

“I know.”

how could i forget

“But I think Mr. Rufist is different. He seems cold and unfeeling, but if he was really that kind of person... …

Flarino's gaze turned to Lufist.

“I wouldn't have prepared a village for the Hwa tribe from the beginning. This is really the place we wanted.” It was the best place.

“You are being deceived. In order for the author to use us in preparation for this situation… …

“He said the weather was nice.”

Flallino continued.

“I don’t think that those who know the warmth of the sun don’t know true happiness.”

Her eyes were wet with moisture.

“You know, but you have no choice but to fight. Because not everyone can be happy, so be colder, colder... … . But really, you want everyone to be happy, right?”

"no. I'm a cold guy And humans are evil. I can do anything for my purposes.”

This was the reason why it was difficult for Lufist to deal with women.

'It's emotional in a strange place. Annoying.'

Who cares whether they are good or bad when there is an enemy approaching who would not be happy to rip them to death?

'You don't have to fight first. He said he had to come up with an optimal strategy and carry it out.'

But on the other hand.

It felt good knowing why we were fighting.

"ha."

After Lufist released the Spirit Zone, Dante also reaped his murderous intent.

“Okay, let’s talk it out. I will do my best to help you survive. Did that happen?”

"no. We need a solid guarantee.” Just as the veins stood on Rufist's temples, a woman's voice was heard from the forest.

“I will take care of that.”

The pupils of Lufist and Dante, who looked where the voice came from, moved with afterimages.

' fast.' Just the speed of escaping out of the field of vision pushed my vigilance to the limit.

Protea's eyes shook.

"you are… …

She was a woman with sharper ears than humans, a pale face, and clear eyes like springs.

"hello?"

Waving her hand brightly, she turned around and Lufist recognized her face.

“Enox.”

He was the representative of the fairy tribe, one of the kings of the temple.

"yes. I came because the commander-in-chief asked me to go. They said maybe it would be helpful if I went.”

Dante's eyes widened.

'If this is going to happen, at least tell me in advance.'

As Portea knelt down, the remaining fire tribes followed her and bowed.

“Lord of the forest.”

"long time no see. As expected, the Hwajok smells good.”

Enox raised his index finger and said.

“Anyway, don’t worry about the war. We elves will step in and protect the Hwajok.”

“… … Are you saying that elves will also participate?”

“Of course it should.”

“Why are you for human beings? They are destroying the nature we cherish.”

“Exactly.”

Enox said while caressing Protea's chin.

“Humans are thrilling.”

That night.

Tormia's capital.

While King Adolf was on sick leave, Rufist and Fleur attended a royal dinner.

While Pony, a graduate of Alpheas Magic School, attended, small talk

went.

“The world situation has reached a critical point. There are many people who have gone bankrupt after investing in other countries.”

Even now, while the war with the demons was in full swing, the royal family was only interested in increasing their wealth.

'It's the most unreal space.'

Rufist quietly continued his meal.

'It needs something like that, the system.'

An accessory that only cries out for an ideal in a place completely separated from reality.

“Anyway, this chief of staff is quite cute. I didn't like the last woman because she was fierce.”

Flew smiled.

"Thank you for a good look." Taking advantage of her tossing mood, Lu Fist brought up her difficult request.

“Asmodians will invade Tormia. I want to move the capital's garrison."

“The Royal Guard?”

For the royal family, the air became heavy for a moment because it was a military force that was no different from the last bastion.

"yes. Don't worry. Because we have a flower garden. We just need troops to do support missions.”

Everyone dies anyway.

It was Rufist who wanted to use everything that was available if he was going to be annihilated.

“Well, if there is a flower garden, it is safe. Because Tormia has the world's strongest defense.”

The person who made it happen was Rufist.

"by the way… …

The thick-browed royalty alternately pointed at Lufist and Fleur with a fork.

“How is it, the compatibility of the dragonfly? Why, there were rumors like that before. I heard you're the chief secretary killer. Fuhahaha!”

The royals burst into laughter.

Regardless of the truth of the rumors, they just wanted to see the reaction of the Magic Association President and Chief of Staff.

“Nothing??????

Rufist's expression did not change.

“It's not much fun. Rather, the former chief of staff was much better.”

"Ohh? is it? Well, Miss Flew is too skinny. Eat this and gain some weight.”

Flu puffed up his cheeks.

“This is very self-defeating. The taste of the association president is strange. I can't confirm it."

“Why not? Leave it to me. My stamina is recognized in the world.”

“Aww! That's kind of scary.”

While the royals exploded in laughter, only Pony was not laughing.

'It is a lie.'

I know because I went to magic school.

The cold emotion in the eyes of the two wizards who were faking laughter.

'Pro mage. But not political enough to please royalty. And the Royal Guard.'

A shiver ran down Pony's spine.

'A great thing is about to happen.'