HIGH GEAR(1)

As soon as the operator ended the voice conversation, Sirone turned around and said.

"let's go. I need to meet you right now.” Fermi realized.

“You’ve never done anything like this before, have you? The operator's level is 487. Ranked 4th overall in the level category. On the other hand, you have to start at 1. Do you really think you can use magic on this high gear?”

“I’m guessing too. But you don't know unless you fight for yourself, right?”

Magneti's mouth hung open.

“Okay, listen.”

said Fermi with a sigh.

“With high gear, you can get bonus stats every time you level up. You can level up by hunting creatures, but it's usually proportional to the amount of time you play. Because the death penalty is high, it's better to catch a creature lower than your level. But an operator is both a user and an operator. Do you know what this means?”

“The play time is short?”

"okay. Much shorter than other users. Even so, it remains in the 4th place in the rankings. This means that you are extremely efficient hunting, and in other words, you are not simply an idiot depending on your level and equipment. Of course, the equipment is top-notch. The bonus status of 487 works there.”

Sirone nodded.

“I know it’s disadvantageous. But you have to defeat the Operator to mine the Abyss.”

“No, bully, it’s not like that… … Fermi stopped talking.

I can only say this because I have had the experience of turning many impossible things into possible.

'It's no use clenching your teeth in high gear. The numbers on the system are everything.'

The numbers don't change just because they're more desperate.

“Okay, let’s play. If you go inside, you will definitely change your mind.”

Sirone looked back at Magneti.

“How can I get in?”

“I will send it to you as a tutorial, but before that you have to create user code. Please tell me the code name you want. However, codes already preoccupied by other users cannot be used except in special cases.” In a world that wouldn't last long anyway, a code name seemed like a good idea.

“That’s it, roughly… …

“It’s good to choose a code name carefully. 80% of High Gear's customization features are free content, so it's often difficult to identify a target based only on appearance. So the code name becomes the face of the user.”

Fermi added.

“Do what you like. It's not a matter of mood, it's an important factor even in high gear.”

“Then I’ll take sirone.”

I wanted to stop using my real name, but that wasn't the case.

"great. I'll check." Magneti, who manipulated the screen, shook his head.

“Duplicate code. There is already a user with the code name Sirone.”

"yes?"

Sirone was bewildered.

“Who is using my name?”

“In fact, borrowing a celebrity’s name is common. Above all, it becomes a household name for them. In the case of sirone, it will be traded at a fairly high value.”

“To the deal… …

“If you want Jung’s real name, how about adding a number at the end? Sirone 1234, like this.”

That didn't seem like much.

“I am Sirone, but I don’t want to use fakes. Then how about Ariane Sirone?”

"I'll check."

Again, she shook her head.

“Duplicate code.”

Just when the tantrum was about to explode, Fermi suggested.

“How about Yahweh? Of course, it would be redundant, but at least you can add numbers. Because it’s a certain level.”

She only wished not to use her real name, but Sirone seriously thought about it.

Before conclusions were even drawn, Magneti confirmed.

“Duplicate code. That's awesome. Yahweh 1 through Yahweh 12 are all overlapping. How about Yahweh 13?” Who are you?

“If there are so many for one name Yahweh, how many users of High Gear do you mean?”

said Fermi.

“There are quite a few, but not as much as you think. Those are all ghost users. Bring in real people and preoccupy them. Tramps, people with big debts. If the user dies in real life, the preemption will be released.”

Sirone's eyes lit up.

“You kill people to sell that code name?”

“I don’t know, maybe that code name… … Magneti said.

“If you don't like numbers, I'll give you a referral code that includes the word Yahweh. Code that has not yet been preempted from analyzing a specific pattern of users.”

Magneti read the recommendation list.

“I am the real Yahweh. Yahweh jjangman. Yahweh I'm just right. woman Yahweh. What a disgusting hey... …

"stop."

Magneti nodded as if he understood.

“It is very popular. If this is a recommended code, I'd say that all the code names that could be used have already been preoccupied. Well, it also means that it is as famous as it is.”

Fermi pointed.

“Is 1st place okay? I am the real Yahweh. Yahweh, the woman in 4th place, is also a good concept. Gender can be changed by using paid content.”

"no. no."

Fermi laughed.

“Well, it seems like you’re immersed in high gear anyway, so that’s not bad. Then how about this method? You’re buying a platinum codename.”

Magneti added right away.

“Platinum code name is paid content. It doesn't matter if the code name is duplicated because it looks golden. Of course, competition for first place is fierce here too, but the price is quite high, so the odds of getting a decent code name are pretty high.”

“How are you?”

“100 million galaxies.”

It was the amount Fermi received as a referral reward.

“Besides, there is a purchase limit, so you can only do it once. Again, codenames are your face within High Gear.”

“Hmm. How much is 100 million galaxies worth? I have no idea at all.”

“It is not low. The 100 million galaxy that Yolga's son received is the highest amount in the referral reward. The amount of compensation varies depending on the ranking of the recommender.”

Magneti raised her index finger.

“However, the reason why 100 million can’t be said to be high is because values ​​vary widely according to standards. For example, if you want to satisfy your hunger, even 1-point food will be fine. But there are also 100 million pieces of food in the world. When scarcity is the standard, there is no limit to luxury. The same goes for high gear, and even a slight difference in performance can increase the value by more than 100 million times.”

said Fermi.

“Go platinum. It's the money I received as a referral reward, so it's right to spend it on you, but you have to clear a certain section to do a 'normal currency exchange'. If your goal is to defeat the operator above all else, 100 million galaxies won't be worth the price of a snack.”

"haha! It is.”

Magneti smiled and quickly

He hid his expression.

“Then I’ll retrieve the code with Platinum.”

She narrowed her eyes.

"uh? Yahweh has already been preoccupied, but Yahweh 2 can be used. Yahweh 3 and Yahweh 4 were also preoccupied, but Yahweh 2 was empty... …

said Fermi.

“Perhaps if the user dies.”

"yes. In fact, a lot of codes have been erased since the psychic realm was opened. Of course, the number of preemption increased as the opposite benefit. Perhaps this was expunged recently.”

Fermi recommended Sirone.

“How about doing this? Even if it's not original, it's worth investing 100 million galaxies at this level.”

Sirone's eyes widened.

“Yahweh 2… …

I felt like I could understand why people are obsessed with code names.

Magneti comforted him.

“You may not like it, but there is hope. It is to become the ranker of the duel category. If you're in the top 100, you'll get the privilege of changing your code name. Even if it's another user's codename, the ranker gets exclusive rights.”

“Yes, I will take Yahweh 2. Whatever the code name is, please let it in now.”

Fermi looked at his watch.

“Then I’ll be connected soon. After the tutorial, come straight to the city of Atogram. Let's meet tomorrow evening at Freedom Square there.”

It was a world without magic, so no matter how fast you moved, it would take half a day.

Fermi asked Magneti.

“I will go first. Please send it to the memory of incarnation. Son of the codename Yolgah.”

“Sending. The last place I remember is the Mountains of Thunder, the Tomb of the Giant Machine.”

A circular blue light was created at Fermi's feet, and his body disintegrated into the void.

Sirone, who was curiously watching the scene, turned her head to Magneti's words.

“Then I will register Yahweh 2 as a user code. When the incarnation finishes scanning, it moves automatically.”

A circular ring formed under Sirone's feet, but it did not disintegrate as quickly as Fermi's.

I felt a strange sense of restraint.

“Are you a bit embarrassed?”

“You are too sensitive. Users accessing High Gear will have special coding in their incarnation. Otherwise, the numerical values ​​in the simulation cannot be interlocked. Incarnation is also subject to restrictions. It is a kind of lock, without which the event cannot be triggered. Also, be aware that if you voluntarily destroy the system, you will be considered an illegal user and all rights will be deprived.”

“Is that common?”

"no. No user in the history of High Gear has ever destroyed a system with Incarnation. But this time the case is different.”

It was the real Yahweh.

By the time the explanation was over, Sirone's incarnation began to dissolve like bubbles.

Before leaving, I thought of something to say.

“Hey, Mr. Magneti. Thank you earlier. Thanks for contacting the operator...

“Does it again.”

Magneti rested her chin on the table and smiled.

“Would you have told me? This is a fake world. It's a place where fake names, fake faces, and all sorts of lies run rampant. If you overlook that point, no matter how strong you are, you will suffer quite a bit.”

“But you recognized my sincerity. Mr. Magneti must be a good person in real life too.”

“… … It is an honor.”

Even though she knew she shouldn't be like this, she opened her mouth.

“Sirone, I think so. Even though the world is fake, that's why the people here are real. In reality, we are bound by numerous constraints. They decorate and hide many things in order not to disgrace their name or face.” “But there is none of that here. The world of high gear is where the nature of living things is exposed. Don't expect anything like today. Mr. Sirone, too, will thoroughly become Yahweh2 and live. So please... … no matter what happens

“I hope you don’t get hurt.”

"ah??????

Sirone's voice permeated the air, and particles of light ascended to the ceiling.

Magneti's voice was heard in the empty castle.

“New user registration completed.”