final chapter (3)

How many repetitions must have been repeated, Sirone stopped counting.

The higher the order, the higher the number seems to prove its impossibility.

'I'm going to save Amy.'

It is one purpose.

It only repeats it like a machine, and in every way a human can imagine... … .

"me : yes!"

He twisted history.

"me. radish. coffin. count. hmm."

And Nane fixed the future with spirit and effort worthy of Yahweh.

'I'll save you!'

Sirone rushed.

“Amy!”

Sirone was furious.

“You bastard!”

Sirone begged.

“Please, please stop! now stop!" And to all those Sirone, Nane shed tears of blood and said this.

“Tree Guan Yin.”

“Uhh??????!”

Yahweh blacked out as if his spinal cord had been severed.

From then on, perhaps at the point where the number of iterations so far has passed.

“Amy. Amy.”

Sirone trudged toward Nane, who was 100 kilometers away.

“Amy.”

Whether it was flying or crawling, distance and time didn't matter anyway.

“Tree Guan Yin.”

"stop!"

Sirone covered her ears.

“Tree Guan Yin.”

"stop! I mean stop now!”

tree customs. tree customs. Wood tariff. tree customs. tree customs. Counting the wooden coffin. tree customs. tree customs. tree customs. tree customs. tree customs. I am irrelevant. tree customs. tree customs. tree customs. tree customs.

“Ahhh… … !”

Memories of numerous recurrences are so entangled that it is impossible to tell whether it is the present or the past.

“Aaaaaa! Aaaaaa!”

Am I fighting with you now or running away from him?

"no! stop!"

Is Amy really alive, or is she going crazy right now?

* I am......

The only thing I realized.

'I can't escape from you.'

No matter how the history was changed, it was in the palm of the Buddha's hand.

tree customs.

"stop! Shut up, you son of a bitch!”

Lying on the floor and screaming, Sirone shuddered with unbearable rage.

“Why don’t you block this too!”

Then he began to squeeze his neck with both hands.

“Turn it off!”

It felt as if his own death was a bit of revenge for Nane.

“Kkeuk. Kkeuk.”

Sirone did not let go of the strength in her hands.

'uh… …

At the end of the faintly distant ceremony, Sirone suddenly remembered one thing.

Vanguard Astrologer.

- A huge enemy will trap you. Then finally... … I will strangle him myself and die.

'It really was.'

Also, the fulfillment of the prophecy means that we are still under God's control.

Sirone died feeling a terrible sense of defeat.

return again.

“Hmm.”

Sitting under the tree, Sirone took a bite of the apple and was lost in thought.

'It's a no-win game.'

Suicide didn't clear my mind, but it paid off.

'The fact that even my death has come true means that the future cannot be changed in any way.'

What's the matter?

'Use the same tachyon. But it's me who always gets through. The reason is that......

This is because the level of difficulty is different.

'I live, you kill. The level is different with just Amy... …

The meta has the weight of all mankind

was

'The direction of thinking is different. It doesn't matter at first, but as history progresses, this slight difference in thinking widens a huge gap.'

so you lose

'So what? Should I make a variable out of killing someone like me? But in that case, my thoughts may lean towards mine.'

There is a difference between a ball and a kid.

At that moment, a person flashed in Sirone's mind.

'Mr. Minerva.'

It was as if I could hear her voice telling me not to save myself under any circumstances.

'no.'

It can't be.

'It's not a matter of being or not being. How can you say that? to die for the world... …

I'd be happy to do that.

From then until nightfall, Sirone pondered over and over again and came to a conclusion.

“Let’s talk.”

There was no way, and his mind was exhausted enough to rely on anything.

'As of the time after the bet with me.' A new illusion changes the landscape, and Syrone finds Minerva in the Ivory Tower.

“Mr. Minerva?”

As she opened the door and entered, she hurriedly wiped away tears as she stared out the window.

"huh? What is it, at this hour?”

He smiled brightly, but he couldn't completely get rid of the sadness in his eyes.

'You were crying like this.'

It must have happened in real life, but it was the first time you experienced it.

“I am from the future.”

" huh?"

“It's long to explain, but Mr. Minerva said to come find me if you're having a hard time. That's right.”

At that time, the secrets of the world had not been revealed, so Minerva was taken aback.

"pooh. Are you flirting with me now?"

“I mean a wish.”

Even though there was no context, her expression became serious when she had it in her heart.

“I haven’t told you yet , but I know. Never save yourself, right?” Minerva pulled out a chair.

"sit down."

From then until daybreak, Sirone explained the events that would come to mankind in the future.

Minerva asked a few questions, but mostly kept her mouth shut.

“I know what you mean.”

She sighed and let out a breath.

“The perfection of the law. In order to break Nane's thinking, we need variables on our side as well. That variable comes out.”

"yes. ha, but! I don't really want that kind of sacrifice. Actually, I'm so frustrated... …

Minerva hugged Sirone.

“Thank you for giving me a chance.”

“Whoops, don’t worry. Because I have one idea. From now on, you will go back to the past and meet me before I became a Buddha. And tell me.”

"what are you saying… …

“See you later. The Buddha is compassionate and cannot be turned away. I'm not proud of it, but I'm sure I'm the one who lived the most miserable life in the world.”

Sirone also knew through Omega.

“You will love me, not Amy. Therefore, it will be me who dies in Omega's final moments. Maybe the history is quite twisted, but it works because it is a change that even the 12 apostles cannot block. More than anything else, you’re not in a position to cover hot meals with cold meals.” Sirone shuddered at the strategy with the highest probability among the attempts so far.

'No, it's not that much.'

It really looks like it will.

"but."

Sirone looked away.

“Mr. Minerva's life is over. A human life being consumed in this way... …

“Whoops.” Minerva turned his head back.

“I know you are serious. this is for humanity Amy must live, everyone will live. And this is the only way I can atone. No, to be honest... …

In order to change Sirone's heart, she brought out a secret she most wanted to hide.

“I want to end it now.” The shame of the body that never washed away, and the several disasters that were committed in that anger.

“Let’s do it. Leave it to me.” Sirone cried silently.

Day 4 of the battle.

Kurrrrrrr.

The confrontation between the two beings, which was always cited as the question of who is the strongest, reached its climax.

The land dug with a radius of 120 km and a depth of 3 km became a coliseum in itself.

“Hehehe.”

Ymir, with two of his six arms broken, let out a weary laugh.

"You're really strong, aren't you?" Uriel was also in a weakened state.

"I don't think I've ever been this strong. Do angels do awakening? no."

Ymir's gaze turned to Ikael.

"Can't you back down? It seems like you've been fighting while protecting that archangel ever since.”

There was sadness in Ikael's eyes.

'Uriel.'

Among the archangels of the white whales, the one who has always been relied on with overwhelming force.

However, because of that, he was also an angel who felt more difficult and distant than anyone else in Baek Kyung.

'Uriel, you me... …

Did minds exist before angels believed they could have minds?

In order to ignore that fact, Uriel desperately maintained neutrality.

maybe even now

“Come on.”

Repeating only one's own essence.

The Judicial Glow - Ragnarok.

The white thunderbolt that fell from the sky wrapped around Uriel's body with the concept of destruction.

Ymir tore off his broken arm and took a position to catch it with his remaining four arms.

“Quack! That's cool.”

Rumble!

A single flash of light pierced the ground with a thunderclap of lightning.

Sirone met Minerva from the past.

Proof was easy.

“You were at that time… …

Traumas that only you know about and that can never be erased are listed.

Minerva of the past was convinced.

“What can I do?”

Time passed like that, and there were several trials and errors, but in the end, Nane...

"Minerva."

I wept over her fate.

Of course, the law does not make anyone a witch or make anyone unhappy.

However, the reason of the world is that someone becomes a witch and someone becomes unhappy.

'Block the return of pain. she wasn't

Even so, someone else would have been sacrificed.'

What really pisses me off is the world itself.

'To realize the ball.'

Nane realized a child through Minerva and became a Buddha again.

in history so changed.

'you can do it.'

Sirone was convinced for the first time.

'It completely twisted history. Now your obsession is Minerva, not Amy.'

cheated on god

But the sacrifice that must be paid in return is the life of one person who did not have to die.

'damn!'

Sirone bit his lip.

'It can't be helped! I wouldn't have done this if it was because of Amy! The future of all mankind is at stake.'

Endless self-rationalization.

'Mr. Minerva wants it too. Amy can live. I finally did it! Amy! Amy!'

Before Omega's final moments, you and I were clearly trying to kill Minerva.

Tears welled up in Sirone's eyes.

'I did it!'

In my blurry vision, I saw Amy fighting the enemy, unaware of the changes in history.

I didn't even meet Nane or realize the incarnation of fire, but what does that matter?

'Amy.'

Diane's words came to mind.

-You are not going to retrieve the lost item. I'm going to meet a living person.

- I hope you respect Amy's thoughts and choices.

wanted to ignore

But what happens to Amy's heart, which has been changed by Minerva's sacrifice?

'It can't be helped.'

If time and space are all in sync, where is the mind put in?

'There is no other way than this!' lost items.

“Huh w

I'm not going to get things back.

" tree......

Nane is the incarnation of Dainichi Nyorai.

He was trying to erase Reba's body.

Now, if you hold on for a few seconds, Fermi will connect this moment with the future.

“Aaaaaa.”

In the face of that irreversible eternity, Sirone had no choice but to make a decision.

“I’m sorry, Amy.”

Before Nane's next pitch, Sirone reversed this moment into an illusion.

infinite space.

“Huh. Whoa.”

In the most lonely darkness, Syrone's cries resonated mournfully.

Day 5 of the battle.

“Big!”

Ranstin, struggling to the death in the North Pole, played the guitar with a pale face.

puck! puck! puck!

The number of anticells has risen by leaps and bounds over the years, to the units of purples, sheep, and spheres.

It covered the planet with gray organic matter, and even gradually increased its thickness.

Ranstin suddenly had a hunch.

'No more is impossible.' A demon who controls the crowd as one and inscribes a code of death on them all.

Although Cell Buster's nemesis, Lanstin's body was always human.

support support support!

His guitar-playing fingers were all shortened one knuckle.

The reason why he doesn't stop playing even in the pain of directly scratching his nerves. 'Don't make fun of me.'

I felt like if I gave up even this, I would become a worthless bastard.

'I am a guitarist!'

I could feel Rin's voice trembling as she sang the song, vomiting blood from her throat.

'Isn't that enough?'

If you've survived five days against this gigantic foe, you won't be pointed at.

But there is no longer humanity to blame him.

“Hehe.”

Were you fighting an illusion?

In fact, didn't you want to go among people more than anyone else?

Rin's song cut off.

'It's the limit.'

The anticell with astronomical mass overcame the Samantha and began to descend.

'Why do I live like this?'

People say that the man has become a madman because of the guilt of losing his daughter.

'Daughter, Dad is the same.'

When your mother left home, when you, so pretty, left me forever.

'To be honest... …

Are you feeling a little more at ease?

I don't have any more responsibilities, so now I can do art on my own.

'Yeah, Dad.'

The world can never understand.

“Such rubbish!”

Ranstin violently plucked the steel strings with five perfectly sharpened fingers.

“Huhhhh!”

When Anticell was pushed away by the wave of the guitar, Rin started singing with a bitter look.

'Daughter. honey.'

Tears of blood flowed from Ranstin's eyes.

'Sorry. i abandoned you guys my

was not responsible Still, I just can't give up.

'I wasn't holding this damn guitar in the first place. Still, still, I like you... …

Even if life gets messed up.

"Would."

Ranstin howled with a distorted face.

“I want to play the guitar!”

divine transcendence.

The instrument started playing before my already blunt fingers could touch the strings.

support support support! support support support!

As the wave of tremendous power pushed the anticell away, the gray surface of the planet swelled like a balloon.

Until the promised 7 days, another 48 hours.

Nane, Amy, Minerva.

"ha ha ha!"

Sirone was going crazy.

Because the only person who keeps repeating things for which there is no way is only a madman.

“Kill! kill!”

Following the sound of evil, the incarnation of Dainichi Nyorai joined his palms with gentle energy.

And whoever is in between.

'Minerva.'

No, it was Amy.

"Hehehe!"

Amy and Minerva were not separated while charging Nane countless times like an obsession.

In some cases she looked like Amy, in others she looked like Minerva and then… … .

“Who are you!”

Now to the point where the faces of the two women overlap.

“Huh.”

Sadness rose again.

'Yeah, I'm going crazy. It's proof that you're crazy even though you know you're going crazy.'

I thought it was an expression of desire.

I'd rather have Minerva as a sacrifice, and that's how it would all end.

'no!'

The only remaining spirit refused.

“Sirone.”

Sirone, who was sobbing on her knees,

I raised my head at the sound of Nane's voice.

“Get out of obsession.”

The Buddha's eyes were firm and benevolent.

7th day of battle.

At least the altar, which had served as a shield from the wind, had now completely disappeared into dust.

“Down with humans! kill! Kill!”

The demons expressed their anger without a target and narrowed the encirclement from all sides.

"ha. ha."

Looking at the demons approaching, Shura and Huama knelt side by side.

“This far.”

It was like a miracle that Omega lasted 7 days after it closed.

said Huama.

"It's annoying to die when you've lived enough. how about you? Are you relieved to know the secrets of the world?”

“The secret of the world?”

Shura snorted.

"joy! Who knows until you go?”

"is it."

Huama, deep in thought with a heavy expression on her face, bared her shark's teeth.

“Then shall we go?”

If the end of the eternal was death, that would be too sad.

“Whoops.”

Following Shura's laughter, the two of them simultaneously jumped into the group of demons.

Aaaaaaaang!

A powerful shockwave reached the iron pole.

Numerous corpses of demons who broke through the border were scattered around.

In the center sat a gray-haired old woman who looked more than 100 years old.

'It's a big deal.'

Uorin realized that time was running out.

'I can't stand it any longer, Sirone. The opportunity given to you is running out.'

My body and mind were weakened by the time wave, but I didn't feel particularly bad.

'When was the last time you saw your old age?' I lived like a tenacious youth. Now that this has happened, the obsession and lingering feelings of the past have become infinitely lighter.

“Whoops.”

A life as calm as a plant was fine.

'You're going to pay the price. Because it's the only thing I can do for this world.'

Just what stays in my mind.

“Kiddo.”

In the distance, I saw a stooped goblin walking away after defeating the demons.

He was wrinkled, and under his green chin was a white-washed beard.

“You’ve done it. won't come for a while

yo. this."

grew old together

She was a little embarrassed, wondering if Kido was looking at her like that too.

“You can’t look at me.”

Kido, who nodded as if he understood, sat down far away, and Uorin spoke.

"what? come here."

Uorin leaned her head on his shoulder as the helpless goblin sat down next to him.

After the big explosion, the battlefield was quiet.

“Kiddo.”

Wu Lin asked.

“Am I ugly?”

Kido, with a detached expression, answered quietly.

“… … It is beautiful.”

Again, the time waves rushed in, and the bodies of the two began to wither like corpses.

“Kiddo.”

Wu Lin said.

“I can’t go anywhere now. You have to stay by my side.”

"then."

They finally got together, and now the only thing waiting for them was separation.

'I can't remember the details of hearing this one day because it's blurry now, but if this is really the end.

“Uorin.”

I guess I have to say it now.

“I love you.”

The waves of time swept through the iron pole.

“Shina!”

A voice that finally burst into upbringing.

The Crown goes beyond the control of the mind and the body

Feeling Quan's will to take over

put on

'Right. This guy...

Because he couldn't keep Shiina, because it was such an impossible law.

'Breaking the symmetry of the system.'

The totality of the ability to dig into the gap and make the impossible possible.

'mind.'

extremes of asymmetry.

The hidden code, which he completed by giving up his other half, turned the axis of the world upside down.

Cuckoo Cuckoo!

As the Terraforce ship fell below the atmosphere, Kuan kicked the ground with all his might.

“Shina.”

The external gravity that vomited in all directions threw Quan upward as if pulling him in.

-Enemy in sight. intercept

Terra Force's flying bodies that protruded from the ship fired beams of vibrational energy.

'Clown clown.'

The symmetry of the universe is broken, and a third direction that the law cannot define is born.

-has disappeared! I want to see!

-back! back!

Whoops!

While the planes crashed into each other and disintegrated, Kuan landed on the ship.

'haha.'

Crown was delightful.

'Disappeared?'

No, it must have been unimaginable.

Entering through the cracks in the deck, a metallic corridor with a purple sheen came out.

"Shina... …

"stop."

Crown took the vocal chords.

“Don’t treat me carelessly. it's mine now I want to watch until the decision is made.”

Kuan frowned.

“Rain, get out of the way… …

After a few days of chasing, they were physically and mentally exhausted, so now the Crown had the upper hand.

“Did you do enough?”

The two mixed expressions became unified, and Crown shrank with a painful face.

"cadet!"

My muscles were screaming and I was sick with severe motion sickness.

“Stupid. We who keep fighting like this will die first. Get some rest.”

Crown limped and moved.

“I will try too.”

Although he did not know the actual situation, Sirone sensed it.

'Now I don't have a chance.'

Perhaps the thought that this was the last time also brought back his insane mind.

'But there is no way.'

I was resentful, but I did everything I could to the extent that I couldn't even have regrets.

'Is it a defeat?'

It was the first time I thought of it.

"no."

It's not a match.

“It would be nice if everyone could be happy.”

Since humanity has already been given an opportunity that overflows, now is the time to give it back.

'Let's accept it.'

Accept the life Amy has chosen, and accept that she is destined to fight Nane.

'Then I will not lose the status of Yahweh.'

Even though it's Hexa, you won't be able to meet her even in the outside world.

“Amy.”

Sirone could shed tears of joy.

“I’ll go see you.”

and the next moment.

Throughout all the returns, the greatest delusion of Yahweh filled the universe.

'So that everyone in this world can be happy.'

- I forgive your sins.

Riding imaginary time, Tachyon particles spread his love throughout the universe.

Rumble!

Uriel's Ragnarok pushed Ymir to the place where the temple was.

They finally stopped... … .

“Wonderful.”

Yuriel knelt and stamped under Ymir, whose arm had been blown off and only his shoulder remained.

Ikael and Ashur, who arrived late, saw the Archangel of Destruction suffering.

“Uriel!”

Yuriel, whose shoulders flinched at Ikael's voice, spoke in a low voice.

“… … finish it.”

It would disappear soon anyway, but I couldn't bear to see her fall down.

“I’ll do just that.”

When Ymir regenerates his arm.

support support! support support!

Following the intense heavy metal sound, Satan's army began to roll in.

“Kuaaaaa!”

Satan at the center was 20 meters tall, had a face as long as a horse, and had dozens of legs moving like a centipede.

-it hurts! It hurts!

“What is that again?”

Ymir frowned at the appearance of everything that looked strong.

“Tsk tsk.”

Nane, who was watching from the sky, clicked her tongue.

“… … A pitiful fellow.” After all, it is a man-made business.

Of course, when the world closes, Harvits will also pay a price on the outside.

After that, the human army arrived.

'Air Press!'

When Gaold, whose eyes were turned upside down, pressed the atmosphere, the remnants of the demons were crushed.

In the intense explosion that followed, Ymir's eyes found someone.

"haha."

“Yaaaaa!”

Lian charged forward with a large straight sword with a machine-made arm and hit Ymir as it was.

“Ha ha ha ha!”

As fast as it flew, Mir's voice went farther away.

“Sermon.”

Nane raised the index finger.

"grave."

The pale pink sword twisted like a fish and fired at Gaold.

'Air Press!'

Koo kung! thud! thud!

The sermon, which was swimming avoiding the atmospheric pressure that hit all directions, aimed at Gaold's heart.

Thousand Hands Guanyin - Extinction.

Deed Deed Deed!

The two hands of Guanyin, which reached 10 million afterimages per second, struck and bounced off as if caressing a sword.

“You’re annoying me.”

Miro and Nane's gazes crossed, and Ymir and Lian glared at each other.

“Hahaha! You are all dead now!”

The moment Havitz realized that the power was dissipated, he raised his huge body again.

Strings - the magic of comics.

Thousands of Son Yu-jeong from all sides rushed to him and beat him.

Aaaaaaa! It hurts again!

“Whoa.”

After erasing her alter ego, Son Yu-jung spewed steam out of her mouth and turned her back to stand up.

In the lull that the situation had agreed upon, Nane calmly identified Pia.

'line. evil. ball.'

The child has not yet been seen.

Ikael, who escaped from the air press's explosion, put Uriel down.

" are you okay?" does she know

How faithful he was to his essence in order not to appear like this.

“I’m sorry, Uriel. Actually, I was like, “I still don’t know.”

Uriel stopped talking.

“I am a being with the concept of destruction. So I thought I should break you. Because I was born for that reason. But I couldn't break it. Could that be the heart?”

Is this what human beings call love?

“Well, there must be a reason. That's why I didn't destroy you. If you change something in the future, it will be my will. It must be my perfect choice, not God's rule. Maybe that’s why I didn’t destroy it.”

"That's not it."

You blunt archangel.

“Why didn’t you break me… …

The tears of light that flowed down Ikael's cheeks dripped onto Yuriel's chest.

“Because you are kind.”

is it?

Uriel, who was lost in thought while staring at the empty space, smiled awkwardly.

"perhaps."

The star light gradually weakens.

In his receding consciousness, he caught Ikael shining with light in his eyes.

'It's beautiful.'

Whatever it is, the most in the universe.

'Whoops, yes.'

The fact that I finally realized at the last moment of my existence.

'… … How can I destroy it?'

Isn't that right, Kariel?

The celestial body of the archangel disappeared. Ikael hurriedly embraced her body that spread with light, but he had already escaped from her arms and fluttered into the sky.

"iced coffee??????

Ikael touched the ground.

“Uriel!”

Another Archangel has left.

Nothing has changed.

The spirit of Sirone, who ran through history as it was at the beginning, was only filled with love.

'let's go.'

Because now I can see Amy.

"me : yes!"

Arriving at Omega's last moments, he charged Buddha with all his might.

Amy's death cannot be prevented.

'If that's your choice... …

The tears in Sirone's eyes are pushed back by the wind.

'I will fight according to your wishes.' The incarnation of Dainichi Nyorai, which had been repeated countless times, began to join hands together.

"me… …

There's Amy over there.

≪T3......w

If you have a heart that loves all mankind, you will not lose the status of Yahweh.

'Just one last time.'

I want to see her face.

“Sirone!”

It was such an impossible voice that Cyrone didn't want to look back.

However, the consciousness of the whole body made it turn its head on its own, and there… … .

"uh?"

There was Amy, the incarnation of fire.

"uh?"

Without time to realize anything, Shirone saw the one at the center of Dainichi Nyorai.

It was Mirac Minerva.

“Uh, how?”

Could it be that you are still mad?

Is that why he can't let go of his lingering feelings and confuses Amy and Minerva?

As if denying such a question, Minerva knelt in the form of a child.

Dainichi Nyorai's palm gradually closes.

" tree."

Facing Sirone, she said this with a very pretty eye smile.

"coffin. count. Um (I take refuge in Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva).”

joint.

and extinction.

The moment she saw the bloody tears flowing from Nane's eyes, Sirone quickly looked around.

'done.'

I don't know why, but an event that never happened in Eternal Return.

I felt the vibration of space-time.

'Separated.'

Through the iron pole, the coordinates of space will be the same, but the coordinates of time will be separated into different universes.

“Fermi! hurry!"

beep! beep!

- Detect specific history! 100% assimilation rate!

A light flickered madly in the eyes of Richard, the recorder deep in the planet.

'I found it!'

The incident caused by Sirone is deposited in Apocalypse and passed on to Richard, the final recorder.

- Transfer of information.

And the signal goes to the temple again through Chongi, an information wizard.

Fermi saw.

"come!"

The sight of a butterfly made of light becoming a flash and making a circle at the top of the sky.

'I got it!' Transaction-time vibration of depreciation.

Fermi, who swallowed the chip into his stomach at the same time as the implementation, quickly reached the realm.

'With full force... …

time bomb!

The barrier of time is intangible, but the sound of a series of explosions was clear in Fermi's ears.

pop! pop! pop! pop! pop!

The wall of time continues to break through, and the past and future in between are defined by the present.

" wow??????

Grass and trees grew in what had been desolate ruins, and all human-made civilizations, such as artificial structures, roads, and facilities, began to spread throughout the world again.

And within that civilization, the humans who suffered from the Great Earth Annihilation were also appearing.

"??????uh?"

Dante in Delta blinked.

' what?'

obviously dead

“Dante?”

Lyria, who was next to him, was also looking around strangely.

“What happened?”

When I went to the window and looked out, the scenery was changing at a tremendous speed due to the waves of time rushing in succession.

To the brilliant and colorful world of humans.

“… … I don't know either.”

Sirone.

The feeling of Yahweh, as if it were contained in the first time, remained in the heart.

1 sec. 1 sec. 1 sec. 1 sec.

A chain of time waves continued to send intermediate stages of history into the present.

Nade's whole body trembled.

“Uh huh?”

New information was being accumulated in real time on top of existing information.

'Sirone left.'

accumulation.

'Did Sirone leave?'

accumulation again.

'No, Sirone... …

Where Nade turned his head, a very familiar figure shimmered.

“Were you by my side?”

With the coordinates of space and time fully merged, Sirone arrived in the present.

“Sirone!”

Nade hugged him, and Iruki and Dorothy, who were watching from a distance, gave a high five.

"uh?"

Sirone was bewildered.

The time wave was still rolling in, so everything was mixed up, but one thing was clear.

'It's coming back to normal.'

Civilization, precious people, more humanity, all while finding their place.

“What about Amy?”

she didn't see

In fact, as much as it was a miraculous event, Sirone felt a rush of anxiety.

Is something wrong?

“Amy!” The moment Fermi met his eyes, he smiled and pointed somewhere with his index finger.

"ah??????

Sirone's body trembled.

The place he had seen in the past, the incarnation of flame was appearing in that form.

'come.'

like magic.

'It's coming.'

It was born in front of Si Lone's eyes, going back through the repeated eons of time.

“Whoa.”

Fermi exhaled.

“One thing solved.” Because the past and future are all integrated, the current time is still Omega 999 years.

'Reverted to before the apocalypse.'

And if events change from now on, it will be the human future, not God's calculation.

“Then slowly… …

Fermi turned bitterly.

"shall we start?"

Since they are in the same space and time, Sirone's abilities are currently transferred to Fermi.

In order to fight with Tachyon instead of Time Vibration, the ability had to be canceled.

'Normally three months. but… … Fermi rushed.

'There are ways.'

The ability to trade depreciation had to be removed from the world.

“Fermi!”

Seriel, who had received almost all of the time waves, finally realized it and followed him.

“That fool!”

why didn't i think of it?

“You promised! there is no future to die

You did!”

Looking back, it was true.

“Mr. … !”

Although there is no future that dies.

“You were supposed to die!”

Not the law of the world, to the end

Because it is a decision made by one's own heart.

Fermi was calm.

'mother.'

Yoga who left for the world.

'How do you like me?'

The one wish that the son who always missed his mother had in his heart.

'Did I make the right decision?' It was to see her proudly smiling face at the end of the sky.

And now, Fermi saw.

"ah?… ”

Tears that had never been shed before were pouring down his cheeks terribly.

“I did it, mother!”

There was a great catharsis in his heart as he shouted in a crying voice.

Transactions in depreciation, extinction.

“Sermon.”

Nane said to the rushing Fermi.

"rain."

Seeing a dagger rushing at a frightening speed, Fermi cast a spell.

'Air shield!'

TZ： I三 = = T三 = TZ | ―rn~i?r!

The air exploded violently, followed by the sound of countless layers of air breaking through.

“Keugh!”

“Fermi!”

Seriel turned along Fermi's body, which had been blown away like paper.

He was torn apart by the sharp air, and his chest was covered in blood.

“Fermi! Fermi!”

Let's cast recovery magic, the wound healed little by little and the bleeding started to stop.

“No fuss.”

Fermi said with a sick expression.

“Only the skin was torn. It's okay because the internal organs haven't been damaged. Anyway, with this, the magic has been transferred.”

Seriel was dazed.

"Why aren't you dead? no, that's not it I mean, did you mean this from the beginning?”

“I told you, I won’t die. Could it be that I jumped at you without even thinking about how to live?” Fermi winked.

"I'm not stupid like Sirone."

"haha."

I hate it because I want to die.

'still… …

Seriel hugged Fermi to her chest.

"i love it."

The time wave is finally over.

"ha."

The information of the final past of Sirone and the future of mankind integrated into the present remained in his mind.

It was the same effect as when all mankind cast Time Vibration.

“Sirone.”

The two people who dealt with imaginary numbers of time with tachyons knew everything about the disappearing history.

"me : yes."

Yahweh and Buddha faced each other.

“You came at last.”

“Give up now. I came this far through the sacrifices of many people. I will protect these three worlds.”

“… … It did."

Nane looked around the battlefield.

Still, humanity was divided between their good and the evil they created.

“But how many? 100 people? 1 thousand people? Sirone, to me they are just sleep files. When you wake up, everyone might hate you. just... …

To the fact that I was playing with the signal.

"doesn't care. Of course you're right, and that's why you're trying to close the world, but we have the right to choose. If they say they want to stay, they stay.”

"okay. There is no room for compromise between the law and the heart.”

Nane's eyes sank.

“Now things are equal. only you and me Let’s make decisions in perfect condition for each other.”

Sirone nodded.

And in the next moment, Yahweh and Buddha began to slowly soar into the sky.

It was the final confrontation between Kong and Ae.

iron pole.

While everything returned to its place, only the space of Cheolgeuk was empty.

A bleak wind blew, leaving only the goblin and the corpse of a woman leaning on his shoulder.

yes. yes. yes. yes.

Just as the amplitude decreases from the outside when a string is plucked, the time waves here were still operating.

time is accelerating

awesome awesome

The bodies of the goblin and the woman, who were drying up like mummies, twisted and twisted together.

10 years, 20 years... … .

As time progresses rapidly, they gradually become smaller and permeate into the ground.

Another 30, 40 years... … .

A small sprout sprouted and began to grow like blowing in the wind.

When 50, 60, and 100 years passed like that.

In the place of Cheolgeuk stood a huge and thick beautiful tree.

It wasn't language.

- Kido.

- huh?

Small world creation, a communication method of plants.

-Anyway, it looks like we were reincarnated as trees. I'll have to stay here longer for a while.

-haha. That's right.

-What is that reaction? Don't you like being one with me?

-no. I thought of you all of a sudden I had forgotten about it, but it suddenly came to my mind.

- What?

-When I was a goblin, I met a certain fortune teller. Do you know what my future was? They say love dries up, twists and rots.

-haha! you saw the future

-But now that I think about it, I think that astrologer was pure nonsense.

-why? It's kind of similar.

-what… … It is, but

The tree of life bore fruit one by one.

-I'm not thirsty anymore.