[569] Reaction and response (1)

Alpheas Magic School. 3rd Logistics Warehouse.

The 6 members of Sirone's team, who woke up early in the morning, gathered at the entrance of the site where Istas could be seen.

Senior assessments may be going on, but there were personal rewards and costs involved in addition to self-esteem issues, so no one was absent.

“Everyone will be confused, but let’s focus on the confrontation first.”

All resolutions were over.

“The confrontation period is 7 days. If you stick with it today, you can roughly guess its capabilities. Let’s think about the aftermath after that.”

After Nade's opening speech, Amy asked.

“What is your strategy?”

Iruki said.

“It's impossible to control 6 allies in response to the reactions of 6 people. First of all, it's an exploration game. However, Master Card cannot be stolen.”

Syrone added.

“It was decided that the outside of the arena will also be a forfeit, so make sure to check the area of ​​the battlefield.”

Sabina asked.

“Still, isn’t it better to decide the first scramble? Black, white, random.”

Sirone said.

“Allied teams will choose random. Even if you catch the line (?) in the first stage, if the opponent catches the line, it's a draw. Conversely, if you choose Evil (●), you will be at a disadvantage for 2 hours.”

Dorothy added.

“From the second round, you have to think about the team composition. Even if you open two random cards (ⓡⓡ), the chance of getting heresy (●●) is 1 in 4. In other words, since there are 6 of us, at least 1 of us should be able to catch heretics.”

Syrone sorted it out.

“The most important thing in the beginning is not to miss the scramble. Depending on the coordinates, it could be disadvantageous.”

“I can know where the opponent is.”

As Dorothy opened the Spirit Zone, Iruki asked.

“It was Joner. How much can you expand?”

“If you drop the density completely, the maximum is 1 kilometer in diameter. But it's barely enough to distinguish between humans and non-living things.”

Even if it was Joner, she was a manipulator, and it was a field where John's precision was given priority over size.

“By the way, the spirit zone when I manipulate Hickory is approximately 50 meters in diameter. I thought it would be better to inform them in advance.”

This meant that the hickory could not be manipulated without precision enough to reduce a kilometer in diameter to 50 meters.

After switching to sniper mode, Dorothy rotated the straight spirit zone to locate the enemies.

Unlike Amy, who rotates dozens of times per second, it took 20 minutes just to look at 360 degrees.

However, changing the 1 kilometer diameter spirit zone into a straight line was impossible without Joner.

'There is Sona's Hercy in the alliance team. The search has to be faster than us.'

Dorothy said while Iruki was lost in thought.

“Six people are gathered at a point seven kilometers to the east.”

“Then let's go in the opposite direction. The first scramble must be collected. The more test subjects, the better.”

“How do we know where each other is?”

“Scramble will be summoned every 2 hours, and if you check the current status of the cards you have collected, you will be able to find out its approximate location.”

Sabina licked her lips.

'It would have been nice if Dante also participated.'

It would be perfect if there was a telecommunications wizard, but it was a luxury to ask for anything other than cage level.

"good. Then let's go.”

When six people cast space movement at the same time, the flashes gathered in the sky scattered in all directions.

Scrumble Royale wait time of 10 minutes.

* * *

'I think there are about 3 minutes left.'

Arriving at the start coordinates, Sirone calmed her nerves by holding a ceremony.

It was better to proceed with the sequence to some extent, as I didn't know if I would have to use Sibulsang Explosion from the beginning.

'The primary goal is to collect scrambles from the nearest place. But in some cases, you might have to run a long distance.'

At that time, Lulu's voice was pierced into my brain as an electrical signal.

“Scramble Royale has begun.”

Sirone's eyes flashed.

Grabbing the summoned master card and turning the screen with my thumb, a screen with coordinates appeared.

Exactly 12 coordinates were recorded in XYZ format.

After recalling a virtual map, he quickly entered 12 coordinates, and after obtaining an image from it, Sirone confirmed the coordinates of the nearest place.

'X-271, Y-373, Z-8. It's the 9th training ground.'

Once the destination was decided, the body moved on its own, and the information that had been put in was gradually analyzed in the head.

'The shape of a circle with the right side slightly distorted. But the distribution is close to the average.'

It is impossible to guarantee whether the position where scramble will be summoned will be fair in the next round.

However, under certain rules, after about three days, Iruki would be able to figure out the equation.

After checking the master card, Sirone opened her eyes wide when she saw that two coordinates disappeared almost simultaneously.

'Did you collect it already?'

Arriving at the safest place to land by moving through space, Sirone looked at the master card again while running to the coordinates.

'Five.'

Out of 12, 5 coordinates had already disappeared.

'It hasn't even been five minutes. Is it the humanity of probability?'

When I flipped the screen, a ⓡ (random card) sign appeared on the status of Iruki, Amy, Hercy, and Anchal.

'As expected, they all chose random.'

In the meantime, when I confirmed that another coordinate had disappeared, my nervousness reached its peak.

"damn!"

As Sirone jumped off the ground and cast teleportation, an intense flash of light bent and passed through the dense forest.

* * *

“This concludes the PvP morning evaluation. Everyone, have a good lunch and see you in the afternoon.”

Binder raised his hand.

“What about those who are not participating in the interpersonal battle today?”

Although he is a brilliant talent with a theoretical score of 100, he has fallen to 26th place due to the strong skills of this year's senior competitor.

Especially today, the opponent in the interpersonal battle was almost giving up because it was a powerful eye.

Head teacher Collie said as she entered the anti-personnel combat training ground.

“If you can’t attend until the afternoon, it’s a failure.”

A fire flashed in the eyes of some of the students.

'Please don't come.'

A total of 11 students failed to attend the morning evaluation. At this rate, most students will get 3 points for the bye.

“Fermi, don’t you know anything?”

Collie asked, but Fermi only shrugged.

“Why do you ask me that?”

It was a fact that Collie knew that two members of the gold ring were absent, but there was no way to do it consistently without knowing.

'Anyway, students are free to participate in the senior class evaluation. In this case, it will be recorded in the report as non-attendance, but... … .'

“Maybe I ate something wrong yesterday? It must have upset the stomach as a group, heck.”

Richard of Alchemy shook his shoulders and laughed.

“Go and have lunch.”

After saying that, Collie turned around and headed for the principal's office.

'It's Scramble Royale.'

* * *

"found."

Sirone found a glowing scramble the size of a fist hanging from a tree outside the training ground.

'The remaining coordinates... … .'

After the initial coordinates quickly disappeared, collection was sluggish, so there were still 4 coordinates left.

'Three if I collect. Initially choose random. But before that, check... … .'

Grabbing the sphere of light, it turned into a genuine card.

- Once scramble is collected, it cannot be transferred to other participants.

Sirone cried out in his heart.

'random!'

There was no reaction, and it was converted to a random card after 1 second, as per the existing rules.

“Neither can you.”

It seemed that he could not arbitrarily select a random card in the pure card state.

In fact, it is automatically converted when you have it, but it was an important problem for Sirone.

This is because if a random card could be selected at will, it could be restored to its pure state using the Poem of Buddhahood.

'I confirmed this, and the next step is to return the open card to a random state.'

As I was quickly raising the sequence of events to unleash the blast, I heard a voice in my head.

“All scrambles have been collected and destroyed. There is 1 hour 38 minutes and 12 seconds until the next summon.”

Sirone postponed the experiment and checked the Master Card.

“Whoa, that’s good.”

Everyone on the team had obtained one copy, and as promised, all of them were selected randomly.

Sirone next checked the collection status of the coalition team.

'As expected, this is also a lan... … huh?'

There was a ⓡ mark next to all five names, but only Eden's name was marked as ○ (white card).

'Choose a bag. Tier 1 is the best. But it will turn around in an hour and a half?'

A thought popped into my mind.

'no way… … ?'

Before I could finish my thoughts, the bushes rustled and someone appeared.

“I finally met you.”

The light of murderous intent lit up in Sirone's eyes as well.

“Kayden.”

Cayden of the Cross Castle was holding down his family's weapon, the cross sword.

He, who must have obtained a scramble quickly and found only Sirone, approached, scratching the ground with the tip of his sword.

“Looks like you chose random. My card is also random.”

Even if it was the same random, the risky one was the sirone that hadn't opened yet.

'Kayden must have been opened at the same time as the collection. Because there is no reason to keep random cards.'

However, it was a situation where a slight delay occurred because Sirone had to experiment with the Buddha statue explosion.

'Shall we open now? But then I have to wait more than an hour until the next experiment. If I receive Kang in this state, what will happen to my open card?'

Will it open automatically or will it open and close?

Maybe that could be another experiment, but Caden said something unexpected.

“Do you think I will call Caen?”

“… … .”

“Anyway, the first card. It doesn't make any sense. so i found you Because you can beat it regardless of your hand.”

Cayden raised his sword and pointed it at Sirone.

“Let’s get it right for now.”

The reason she was willing to accept Cayden's provocation was that Sirone was also angry.

“I would have told you.”

Cayden's nose twisted little by little as he carefully examined the photon cannon that floated around Sirone.

At first glance, the photon's compressive power was incomparable to before.

“I will not forgive you if you disturb me.”

The photon cannon turned into a flash of light and flew out, and Cayden left afterimages to the right.

'Incredibly fast. Is it a schema?'

It was difficult to keep up with Kayden's movements as he bypassed the training ground as if rails were laid on the ground.

“Oohhh!”

The cross sword bent like recklessness, but each trajectory was obviously fatal.

'Broad!'

Hit by the curtain of light, Cayden gritted his teeth and raised his head.

Before he knew it, 16 red dots were stamped on his face.

“Homing Photon Cannon.”

“Keugh!”

Cayden ran with a swift motion like a swallow at the bending flash, but he could not escape the Seeker's pursuit.

“Sirone… … !”

He stopped, pushing the ground, and when he clench his teeth, red energy rose and condensed into the shape of a cross.

What you get at the cost of sacrificing fate is the best talent to reach your goal.

“Sirone!”

As Cayden swung his sword, the homing photon cannon bounced in all directions with a thud.

Every time he bounced one, his legs were pushed 1 meter away, and after all 16 bounces, his position was 20 meters further than the first time.

“Big!”

Cayden, who endured the shock with his face contorted, glared at Sirone terribly.

'Monstrous power. This is the Photon Cannon.'

The blade of the cross sword reflected light, but it felt like the bones in my fingers were being crushed by the impact of the mass.

'How dare you treat Maya... … ! My muse!'

Cayden recalled Maya's face and gripped the sword tightly again, revealing the whites.

“Kill you!”

---------------------------------------