[67] The Invisible (7)

However, after a while, the students who felt an unknown exhilaration welling up in their hearts started to burst into laughter.

“Puhahaha! Is this really a masterpiece? Yes, you guys did it!”

"that's right! To be honest, I've been interested in this kind of thing for a long time too! Please hold more fun presentations in the future!”

"I've been sweating for the first time in a while. you guys won! the best!"

Teachers were taken aback by the students' sudden change of attitude, but Sirone was already expecting it. He is curious about the nature of any human being of reason.

Where did we come from and where are we going?

Perhaps that is the most important question for human beings. Also, that was the reason why the Supernatural Psychic Research Society had to exist.

Alpheas nodded in satisfaction.

“It shows the invisible without being seen. Indeed, there was such a way. The kids did a great job.”

“Then, Principal, do you intend to keep the Supernatural Psychic Research Society alive?”

“Hmm. That's not my decision. yes, how is it? If anyone has an objection to the children's thesis, do it now.”

None of the teachers stepped forward. Even Shiina had no choice but to keep her mouth shut this time.

To be honest, I felt like I had been hit right by the disciples. The Supernatural Psychic Research Society must exist. Hundreds of students gathered here were proving that fact.

Sade objected. 

“But what if something breaks the school rules? There must be quite a bit of backlash. There is something uncomfortable about approving the research society as it is.”

There were quite a few teachers like Shiina who confirmed trespassing in forbidden areas. When several people pointed out the same part, an impromptu teacher meeting was eventually held. 

Shiina was the first to comment.

“It is true that the children broke the school rules. However, I think this is separate from whether or not the research meeting continues.”

Teachers put on a puzzled expression when she, who had been at the forefront of dismantling just a moment ago, came to defend the research group.

However, Shiina thought that this was enough. It was a promise she made with them. Sirone and the others met her request, and all she had to do was acknowledge her achievements.

Apart from the teachers' discussions, in a secluded place in the park, members of the shadow research society were secretly talking.

“They say it's rotten, but it's not over yet. Didn’t you leave behind the seniors who graduated and the pretty bold ones?”

“There will be no war. For the time being, the strength of the super psychic will continue. Our ant language research society will not step forward.”

"joy! Anyway, it's class 5. Someday I'll be in my senior year, but then I won't be at this school either."

“Isn’t it something to be asserted about? If we fall this year, we might compete with them next year.”

"what? So you're saying I'm running away because I'm afraid of those kids?"

“Stop everything. It's funny that we, who don't normally see each other, do this. If you want to stick together, you can stick to it, right? Of course, our hide-and-seek research club won’t step out.”

“With that being said, I will keep an eye on your every move. You guys go into shit to hide, right?”

“Let’s just end here. Because there is also people's attention. Even gathering like this would only damage the reputation of the study group.”

The heads of the magic school who rule the shadows decided to come to an agreement at this point and headed to the graduating class building. Shiina's eyebrows wrinkled as she caught them gathering.

'Ugh, those stinkin' things.'

Now, just looking at his face made me sick. She is the worst troubled son who has been bullying Shiina until she enters the graduating class after going through the lower class and the advanced class.

Even so, the reason why he couldn't do anything was because he abused his heaven-given talent and hid his tail like a ghost.

'How many kids like that are there in this school? This is all because they acknowledge the ridiculous research society.'

How can a teacher deal with genius tricks passed on from seniors to juniors, and from juniors to seniors again?

The reason why Shiina tried to disband the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Association was not because she hated Nade and the others, but because she wanted to cut off the root of evil in the first place.

'But it ended up like this.'

Shiina clicked her tongue and made her way through the crowd. She and she shouted at Shironae and the others standing on the ledge of the rooftop. 

“We announce the results of the teacher meeting.”

The applause and cheers of the students died down.

“The Supernatural Psychic Research Society was scheduled to disband sooner or later. It was because there was no official activity for a year and even the number of people was insufficient. However, starting from today's presentation, as a result of the opinions of Principal Alfeas and discussions with many teachers, it was decided that the 3-person research group led by Nade, the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Group, would continue for the time being. but… … .”

Shiina broke down in tears as she continued to speak. No matter how many times she thought about it, when her irritation welled up, she pointed and shouted & nbsp;

“You three are on probation for a week! Suspension, you idiots!”

Ha ha ha ha ha!

The children held their belly button and laughed. The idea to prove the research society was excellent, but in the process, it was a crime to install an unauthorized mechanical device in the school.

Sirone, Nade, and Iruki blankly opened their mouths. Then we looked back at each other. The corner of his mouth rose gradually, and the pleasure of joy filled his eyes.

"done! Success!”

“Uh ha ha ha! we did it! You saved the study group!”

It was an attitude that didn't care about the suspension. Looking at the students who were excitedly embracing each other, Shiina was speechless.

However, they did their best and had no regrets. I was really happy with the current result because I poured everything in without leaving even 1 percent.

"ha ha ha! Hey, congratulations! Keep working hard!”

“Where is the lab? I’ll go play sometime!”

The students expressed their congratulations. Among them were Sirone's ardent followers, Mark and Seriel.

“Aaaaaa! Sirone-senpai, of course! I expected from the beginning that it wouldn't end like this! As expected, the senior is a step above me! No, it's two levels!”

"I know. I never dreamed that the survival of the study group was at stake in this presentation. Anyway, you did a great job this time too, didn't you? Isn't that right, Amy?"

Amy should have been most delighted with this moment, but unexpectedly, she had a sullen expression.

“What makes you happy about being suspended? Why are you doing such a pathetic thing? It’s not enough even if you study quickly and enter the senior class.”

Seriel looked lovingly at Amy, who was clumsy with expressions. There was no way she didn't know her desire to go through school life in her senior year with Sirone.

“But isn’t it nice? Of course, if I told you to do it, I would never do it, but everyone thinks that at least once. I want to surprise the world.”

Seriel looked at Sirone with envy.

There was no worry to be found on Sirone's face, who was smiling brightly while being cheered by the children.

There was nostalgic emotion in Amy's eyes. She knew the truth about her. The person who wants to stand next to Sirone more than anyone else is himself.

But she shook her head as if to ignore her emotions.

'Yeah, I don't have time to be like this to graduate. I will never look up to you.'

I want to work with Sirone. I want to go up there and smile the happiest in the world. Suppressing those thoughts, Amy turned away from her.

'therefore… … I want you to come quickly, you fool.'

* * *

4 a.m.

It was a late night when the night shift staff had left work and all the students and teachers were asleep.

Sirone and the others were lying on the grass in Central Park, where the historical presentation was held, looking at the stars.

The cheers of the children and the raucous noise were gone, but they still seemed to hear hallucinations in their ears.

Nade said in a hoarse voice.

“We did it in the end, guys.”

"I know. But do you feel sorry for Sirone? It’s me who says I’m on guard, but isn’t Sirone your first?”

Sirone laughed. It didn't matter anyway.

“But it was fun. It was so much fun.”

“Yeah, that was great. Could I ever go through a day like today again? I still can't forget the cheers of the people.”

“The three of us joined forces, and that should be enough. In any case, it has carved a new history in Alpheas Magic School.”

Sirone suddenly stood up.

“Besides, it's not all that bad. Because I gained a lot. The level of photon output has increased tremendously with this presentation. At this level, I think it will work for the senior class as well.”

"so do i. I gained knowledge about optical fibers and, above all, experienced the mass production process by myself. Honestly, it's been a great study. This is all thanks to you guys.”

"So do i. I learned a lot from applying the behavior patterns of 400 people to practice. It would have been absolutely impossible if Sirone hadn't borrowed and used Immortal Function.”

"What are you talking about? you are really awesome Without the Servant Syndrome’s behavioral equation, students would never have been fooled.”

“If you put it that way, Nade overpaid for his hard work. Because he installed hundreds of mechanical devices without error. That concentration is really amazing.”

Shirone and the others, who had been talking excitedly, realized something and shut their mouths at the same time. A chilly wind passed for a moment. Ned said as he laid back the body he had raised.

“Let’s stop. What are we doing by praising each other?”

"okay. Don't become a frog in the well. It’s natural to enjoy the results, but you shouldn’t be careless.”

Sirone looked up at the twinkling stars.

“I want to go higher. You have to become the star that can shine the brightest.”

Iruki thought the same.

“Looks like you’ve done all you can while hanging out. I think it's time for her to step up. In your senior year.”

Nade tumbled and jumped to his feet.

"good! So let's set a new goal! I'm going to raise my class ASAP! And you're graduating at the same time! Let’s have fun even when we go out into society!”

Sirone and Iruki nodded. 

"good. Until then, don’t stop and run.”

“Quack. Have you been motivated for a long time?”

The three vigorously joined hands and fought.

One day I will become the greatest wizard. Their eyes, as they looked up at the night sky with such determination, twinkled like stars.

the only brightest star.

The North Star was looking down on them.

at the top (1)

Upon returning to the inn, Sirone immediately collapsed and fell asleep. It's unfortunate that I was suspended for a week, but the mental and physical exhaustion was too great to feel that way.

The day went by just like that.

The sound of the piano in the morning and the sun floating in the sky had nothing to do with Sirone, who had been suspended from school.

"hey. Sirone. Sirone.”

At the sign of someone shaking her body, Sirone frowned and opened her eyes. The blurry figures of the two shimmered and I saw the smiling faces of Nade and Iruki.

“Uhm. what?"

“You are great too. Are you still sleeping?”

"I don't know. I'm tired. let me out.”

“Don’t do that, wake up. We can't even take classes anyway. Don't do that, let's go play.”

“Are you going to play?”

“There is a casino Iruki knows, and if you go there, they give you free drinks and there are many pretty girls. Since this happened, let’s take a proper portion and come back.”

From the moment Sirone heard the word casino, she didn't want to even reply.

“Aren’t you tired? I will die.”

“We also slept all day. You're sleeping for 27 hours now. Don't do that, come back after 3 days. With Iruki’s Servant ability, making money in an instant?”

---------------------------------------