[266] Kazura Kingdom (3)

“Are you really going? I'm really fine.”

Sirone hated that Amy was distracted by other things before the graduation exam.

No matter how much you are the number 1 graduate, you don't know what will happen in the competition. If you fail, you are responsible for yourself.

Of course, Amy would never think of that, but from the standpoint of wanting her success, I wanted to rip her off.

“It is important to you. Reina-san will be busy taking care of royal procedures, so she needs someone to stick by her side and escort her. Why, don't you like me going?”

If Amy accompanies her, Sirone couldn't be more reassuring than this.

It was like that when he went to Galliant Island, but he was an absolute ally in terms of ability.

“No, of course it’s me, but… … .”

“All right then. End with this. I owe you something, so I have to pay it back even at this time.”

Sirone couldn't remember what Amy owed her, but a lot of things went through Amy's mind.

It was Sirone who saved her from the cliff at the time of the Arcane attack, and when she was captured by Kariel in heaven, if it wasn't for him, she wouldn't have returned safely.

As Amy stubbornly kept her seat, Reina let out a sigh of resignation and gave instructions to the coachman.

“Go away.”

Of course, excluding emotions, Amy's joining was absolutely not a loss. She was much better off having a friend of hers by Sirone's side to help. She just couldn't help feeling like she was being pushed in from the start.

Reina leaned her chin toward the window and pursed her lips.

I could see Amy's smile.

@

The carriage was heading to the Thorn Mine, located halfway up the Origin Mountains, where Sirone's house was located. While on the way, Reina informed me of the general situation.

Tormia, Kazura, and Yakma were a unified nation. However, as the prestige of the aristocrats increased, a factional fight broke out, and finally they were separated, and now the Three Kingdoms Alliance system is formed.

“In a sense, it can be said that it is a new country. It hasn't been 100 years since Kazura became independent. In particular, the Yakma Republic did not recognize the separation of Khazra until recently. The war never happened, but it almost did. That was 18 years ago. In short, Kazura's internal affairs became unstable, so he took the first prince, Sirone, to another place.”

At least, the fact that he didn't throw it away because he hated it gave Sirone a little comfort. Since the rise and fall of the kingdom was at stake, there must have been some unavoidable parts.

Of course, that didn't mean that the sadness went away. However, since everything was not certain yet, he was just trying to ignore the rising emotions.

“I heard about it too. They say it almost came to the brink of civil war. Yakma was also ready to go out. however… … .”

Amy stopped talking. She did not dare to speak in front of Sirone. & nbsp;

It was the same for Reina, but as the person in charge of leading, it was something that could not be avoided.

“Yes, all civil wars ended when King Orkamp IV of Khazra married Queen Theraze of the Kashan Empire.”

Sirone also read the history book, so he knows what kind of incident it was. But I didn't know that it would be my job.

The Kashan Empire was an absolute powerhouse on the continent, occupying one-third of the human territory.

In addition, the emperor of the empire has been a woman for generations.

Theraze, the emperor of Kashan, is said to be so beautiful that any man can't help but fall in love with her.

On the other hand, he was also cold-blooded, willing to make any sacrifices in order to win.

Such a woman proposed marriage to Orkamp, ​​the king of Khazra.

“Even Orkamp IV wouldn’t have been able to help. Because the country looks messed up. Besides, if he accepts Thera Ze, he'll have great connections. In fact, since marrying Theraje, Kazura's politics have rapidly stabilized, and its finances have also become strong.”

It was an unusual event that was introduced in detail even in history books.

Above all, Orkamp already had a wife, and Theraze was also a woman with a husband.

“The arranged marriages of royalty and aristocrats are not a big deal, but this case should be said to be unusual. Theraje, no, the rulers of Kashan have been women for generations, and marriage is the most used strategy to expand their influence. Besides Orkamp IV, Theraze has three other husbands. Of course, everyone is the king of each country. Theraze said she married Orkamp and she stopped by Khazra from time to time, and each time she gave birth to a child, so she now has a son and a daughter.”

“Does Orkamp Eliza, originally the Queen of Kazura, have any other children besides Sirone?”

“Unfortunately no. Theraze intervened as soon as the newborn child was evacuated to another country during the civil war. There must have been an agreement, not to have children. Theraze wants her child to inherit the kingdom.”

Amy sighed.

It was terrifying for even the royal family to use conception, a unique human ability, for politics.

As a result, Sirone was the only bloodline of Queen Kazura. And below that, there are half-brothers and sisters born by Theraze.

Amy, who had been thinking that far, suddenly realized. The cause of the anxiety she felt before she set off.

"Wait. Then, if Sirone becomes Kazura's first prince... … .”

Reina also nodded with a serious expression as if that was the point.

“Yes, Theraze's children will be pushed out of the succession ranks. Conversely, Queen Eliza's influence will grow stronger. The reason why the envoy from one country came to the magic school and made a big public announcement probably has nothing to do with it.”

Amy frowned.

Come to think of it, it was already 10 years ago that Kazura's internal affairs were stable. Therefore, it would have been easy for the kingdom to find Sirone even with a little effort.

After all, it was clear that political issues were intertwined with finding Sirone now.

Even if they are real parents... … The fact that she hadn't invited because she wanted to see Sirone in its entirety made her heart heavy.

'Oh wow, what's so complicated about it? I don't know what high-ranking people think.'

Theraze becomes Orkamp's concubine, and Orkamp becomes Theraze's rearguard.

It was nonsense that even a genealogy could not be drawn.

While each was lost in his thoughts, the wagon drove quickly and entered the visible mine.

In the past, it was an area where coal was mined, but it was called a visible mine because the stalactites in the cave were sharp, and it has come down as a unique name.

Currently, the mine is closed and blocked, but the nose is secretly spicy. But to Sirone, it was the smell of his hometown he missed most of all.

Seeing Sirone's hardened face loosen up a little, Amy also sucked in the acrid air.

Arriving at Sirone's house, Amy tidied up before getting off the carriage.

It was the first time I came to Sirone's house. Besides, since it was a meeting with her parents, I naturally became cautious.

Make no mistake, of course, but the situation was a little strange.

Since Sirone's parents were commoners, he was rather worried about how to treat them.

If you are too polite, it seems that they will have difficulty, but if you do it as usual, there is room for being seen as arrogant.

Unlike Amy, who thought so, Reina opened the door and left as soon as she arrived.

Vincent and Olina were waiting ready to leave.

While sub-butler Temuran was checking the carriage, Reina took Sirone to her parents.

"hello. How have you been?”

“Yes, of course. Thank you for taking care of us.”

Vincent and Olina greeted each other with the utmost courtesy.

Reina didn't care and went on with her schedule naturally.

“I will take a carriage and head north to cross the border. It will probably arrive around midnight, but please bear with it until then. From there, you will be led by the Kazura Kingdom, so there will be no inconveniences.”

“Never mind us. I am sorry for making you suffer because of your son.”

Reina let out a pitiful laugh. From the looks on Vincent and Olina's faces, it was clear that she hadn't slept a wink all night.

Temuran would have explained it several times, but it would not have been something that could be felt in reality.

How can we understand the situation when a child who was abandoned in a stable was raised as a child and raised for 18 years, but his real parents suddenly appeared?

It was also the king and queen of another country.

It's a good thing when you think of Sirone, but since they are also human, how can you not be sad?

Besides, since they couldn't file a paternity suit against the king, they were about to lose their children.

"Do not worry too much. It's still not certain, and even if the real parents are certain, Sirone won't be shaken. It was like that in the Ogent family too.”

Vincent, who had been revealed, shook his hand in embarrassment.

“No worries! It doesn't even matter. It's really good for Sirone. Thank you for caring though.”

At that moment, Amy's strong voice was heard from the carriage.

"hello!"

As everyone's eyes focused on her, Amy's face turned red. Seeing Reina and her parents chatting, her heart raced, so she interrupted her odd timing.

“My lady… … ?”

Olina's eyes sparkled with interest, showing interest. It was the first time Shirone brought a girl her own age.

She was a true girl with a pretty face and no lies in her eyes.

"Ah yes. My name is Karmis Amy, Sirone's friend. He ended up accompanying me to Khazra. I wish you well.”

Amy unknowingly lowered her head. Her confidence that she could remain calm under any circumstances was shattered.

Of course, it was only Amy's thoughts, and Vincent and Olina smiled happily and whispered that they were good girls.

Sirone was still speechless. He honestly doesn't know how to face his parents.

I could firmly refuse to go into someone's adoption from the Ogent family, but this time it was my real parents. 

Besides, being royalty, I had no choice, so I felt like I was committing a crime against them.

Vincent, who knew his son's feelings in advance, approached.

“Are you okay, Sirone? You must have been very surprised.”

"I'm OK. father… … sorry."

“Chuck! What do you have to be sorry for? I'd be glad if I didn't make a mistake when I went to the palace. I learned a lot from Temuran-nim, but this is difficult.”

Sirone struggled to smile.

“Me too. But don't worry. With Amy by her side, she'll be fine."

Amy pointed at herself with her thumb.

"sure! I'll take care of it, so you don't have to worry about that.”

Olina said with a smile.

"thank you. I can remember the name now. I heard that Sirone is getting a lot of help.”

Amy was a little smug. When the tension was released, the stiff lips moved according to their will.

“I also received a lot of help from Sirone. Please treat me comfortably in the future.”

Reyna clapped and drew attention.

It's good to keep the good vibes going, but now I really don't have time to waste.

I had to run diligently from now on to reach the border before midnight.

"now. Let's go. Sub-butler, please wait at the mansion. Be prepared to act as soon as the message comes from Lewis.”

"All right. Be careful.”

The carriage carrying Sirone and the others departed for Kazura.

@

It was a hard march.

Staying in a rattling wagon for more than six hours would make your whole body ache. With the schedule of running for an hour and taking a 5-minute break, there was no time to soothe the throbbing back.

But nobody complained.

As the border line got closer, the pain gradually disappeared and the tension grew.

It was a great adventure for Sirone.

After hearing the complex circumstances of the Kazura royal family, it was not a situation that could be relieved even if the escort was on standby. If Theraze made a hasty decision, they could send an assassination squad.

---------------------------------------