[132] What takes precedence (3)

Of course, there was no doubt about Amy's skill. But Sirone had a different idea. He had heard from Marsha just half an hour ago how dangerous the island was.

Port solicitors have their own power. In particular, it was said that the street solicitors were the lower end subordinates of a powerful organization.

“I told you to be careful with people like Jis. Even if it's not, the island is a closed and dangerous place. Because you can easily handle things that you can't even imagine on land. There are many aristocrats who have gone missing on the island. I can't just assume that Amy is all right."

Lian mounted a straight sword in a leather scabbard.

“I don’t need to explain every word. Let's go, Sirone. guide you anywhere I'll deal with those who get in the way.”

"thank you. Actually, it's because I'm late.”

“That must have had its own circumstances. First, make sure Amy is safe.”

Tess watched the two boys. That was the conversation between those who were bound by knightly oaths. Although she was still only an imitator of her, it was also an enviable sight for her who dreamed of becoming her knight.

"Wait a minute. I'll go with you too. You're not the only one worried about Amy."

The three of them left the villa and went down to the beach. But I couldn't figure out where to start looking for it.

In front of the vast sandy beach, Tess lost her confidence.

“Where can I find Amy? At this hour, the only place Jeece could take him would be the commercial district. Would you rather go there and disperse?”

“That sounds like a bad way. After all, the three of us can't go around the whole commercial district anyway. First of all, you don’t even know the geography of this place.”

“Then what? there's no way to find it I'd rather find a needle on that sandy beach.”

Sirone rested her chin on her head and thought.

“Stop that, let’s go to the port. It is clear that there is an organization If that's the case, you might be able to find out Amy's location if you ask the gang members."

"Harbor? is that south? Wouldn't it be quicker to search this place on the way there? Amy wouldn't be at the port anyway. It is not a tourist map.”

“No, it is correct to go to the port. Amy's situation can be simply divided into two parts. First, Amy is unharmed. Second, Amy is not safe. If all is well, there is no loss even if we go to the port. But if it's not all right, we must go to the port. The only reason why Amy is not safe is because she collides with Jee's organization. Therefore, no matter what the situation is, we must first go to the port and make contact with the gang members.”

"that… … okay. I guess.”

Tess nodded as if hypnotized. It was the first time she felt that a person spoke faster than she thought of herself.

Ryan didn't think. From the moment Sirone asked to go to the port, he had already rented a wagon.

When Lian, who had paid the coachman, motioned to ride, Sirone and Tess ran to it. Then he threw himself into the speeding carriage and went into the cabin.

The driver burst into a merry laugh and sped up.

“I also like being young. Do you have any urgent business at this hour?”

"yes. Please go quickly!”

"good! So, let's try our children's strength after a long time! Kirya!”

It was night, so the car was quiet. Volunteering his gold coins, the coachman drove his horse so much that the carriage rattled.

The wagon arrived at the port in 20 minutes, and the coachman made a noise saying that it was a record for the first time in 5 years.

The three ran to the port. 

Most of the ships were moored in the dock, and light leaked through the cracks in the windows to see if people were on board. Perhaps the sailors were playing a game of cards.

The ship floating in the nearby sea was also suspicious, but it was too late to run around with feet anyway.

Sirone focused on searching the bar in the harbor. Most of them looked like gang members, but in reality, there were many cases where they were sailors.

"What do we do? Can I find this?”

“You can find it. There must be at least one.”

Sirone patiently inquired into the tavern. And he finally found a clue in a small tavern.

I didn't know it at first because my eyes were swollen, but I'm sure the touts next to Jiss were drinking during the day.

“Hey, those two! Aren’t they the people who were with Jiss?”

"Right. Leave it to me from now on.”

Lian patted her fist and walked away. In this situation, I knew that his impression ate more than his skills.

“Hey, do you guys remember me?”

"what? Are you making a fuss? Because I feel like shit right now... … omg!"

The boy, who had been shooting with a twisted tongue, recognized Lian and stood up.

Lian's size is also intimidating, but the reason I was really surprised was for another reason. It was because he knew what Jis, who had been captured by Falcoa, had gone to.

“I-over there… … That's it.”

“I know, I know everything. So let's talk in a quiet place. I'm the kind of person who becomes violent in people's presence and nice in quiet places. What do you want to do?”

The solicitor glanced at his friend in his seat. The moment their gazes briefly crossed, they started running towards the door without saying who came first.

"shit! Bounce!”

They stamped their feet madly. But no matter how much I ran, the door wouldn't come close.

'what? Why are you doing this? Is it a dream?'

It wasn't until the tension of the run disappeared that they realized that both legs were floating in the air.

“Give me one last chance. Would you like to follow along or plant it upside down right here?”

Raising the boys one by one in each hand, Lian held out her arms as if to show off her strength.

The boys freaked out. To withstand the weight of two men with arms outstretched was beyond brute force and close to brute strength.

“Go, I’ll go. I’m going, so please don’t try.”

From then on things were easy. Lian led the tout to the breakwater, where he could hear the general situation.

“So that’s what Falcoa ordered me to bring Amy to, right?”

"yes. Jess was beaten to death. We almost died too. You better not mess with Falcoa. He's a complete asshole.”

"doesn't care. Because there is no idiot who got hit by my fist and hasn't come back to his senses. Where did you take Amy? Do you know the place?”

“I really don’t know the place! Trust me!”

"okay? then ask your friend I will give up the chance for two people to live and choose only one to live.”

The two boys looked at each other fearfully. To be honest, I didn't have the mental strength to endure the torture. But Lian was only overpowering them with words. It was thanks to his learning of interrogation techniques at the swordsmanship school.

“I really don’t know. But I have a place to guess.”

Sirone and Tess came closer. Lian also stopped pretending to be a clumsy investigator and shook the tout by the collar.

"where are you? Tell me quickly!”

“Wow, the palace.”

"Palace? What nonsense are you talking about?”

“It’s the name of the bar. The biggest bar in Galliante! Grab any wagon and they'll take you there! Hey, you can never say we said it! Otherwise we will die!”

Ryan turned around without even having time to answer. Sirone and Tess were already getting ready to run.

As we left the port, we saw a wagon waiting. Coincidentally, it was the carriage that brought them all the way here.

"mister! Uncle coachman!”

The coachman, who was sitting in the luggage compartment and holding a pipe, turned his head. His own favorite horse and his guests, who had enjoyed the splendid gallop, were rushing along.

“Hey, are you done watching already? It's fast to run, so it's fast to watch. Heh heh heh!”

“Mister, let’s go now! I'm in a hurry!”

“Cancer, don’t rush. Youth is in no hurry! Come on, let's get on!”

The coachman jumped out of the hold with a bloody passion.

The coachman, who started the horse, looked back and shouted. The sound of the wind made her voice grow louder.

“Okay, somewhere this time!”

Sirone, Lian, and Tess all shouted at the same time.

“The palace!”

* * *

Tavern Royal Palace.

It would not be an exaggeration to say that the tavern, luxurious enough to stand up to the name of the royal palace, was the brightest place on the island.

The 4-story tall building showed what a waste of money was. All kinds of gold and silver treasures that reflected light were decorated, and magic crystal lamps that ordinary people could not even see were emitting light.

Sirone and the others were overwhelmed by the wealth radiating from the building. It felt like we had arrived somewhere we weren't supposed to be.

As Sirone walked to the tavern, as expected, Gido, who was guarding the entrance, blocked her path.

“Hey, you can wear weapons here… … !”

Lian didn't even listen and shoved his throat in prayer. He was of similar size to Rian, but his strength was no match.

When Gido, who had been choking and struggling, regained his senses, it was after Sirone and the others had already entered the store.

The bar was filled with people's voices.

Women who were so naked that I wondered if it was okay to do this danced around, and verbal abuse, swearing, and all sorts of obscenities flew through the air.

Tess frowned. Galliant is a peaceful resort on the outside, but when the sun goes down, it turns into a place where murky desires whirl.

“Is Amy really in a place like this? There are a lot of people, and besides, what are those women? Aren't you ashamed?"

"I know. Certainly not Amy's favorite place. But she might have come in willingly as much as she went along. And be careful. No matter what happens here, the security will not be dispatched.”

After hearing about the situation on the island from Marsha, Sirone was convinced. Although the method of utilization is different, this place is also probably one of the places where some kind of transaction was made with the government.

When I couldn't find Amy on the first floor, I went upstairs. A bloody gamble was taking place.

The third floor was lined with rooms with iron doors installed in a cross-shaped corridor, and the fourth floor was a VIP room where the highest nobility stayed.

After searching through each floor, Lian let out a pitiful sigh.

“It must be hard to find like this. Not in the hall, not in the gambling house. Searching the third floor, you have to enter every room, and the fourth floor is full of bodyguards.”

It was time to make a choice. Will you ask for your understanding and search for it, or will you properly cause an incident?

Of course, the decision of the three was the latter. As long as she found out that Amy was taken away by a malicious conspiracy, she had no intention of going back.

“There! Those children!”

Gido, who had been treated badly at the entrance, pointed to Sirone and the others. Then his man behind him rolled up his sleeves and approached.

Ryan had to raise his head to make eye contact with the man. He was so huge that his head reached the ceiling.

“Are you a solver?”

A shop with a bad back will be screened out for customers. Usually, it is filtered out in the line of prayer, but there were quite a few people who recklessly pushed in and played a game. It was the solver's job to rule those people with violence.

"what is this? Aren't they the babies that smell like milk? No, come to think of it, this girl is not just a kid.”

The fixer looked down at Tess and opened his bulbous nose. Unlike ordinary people, he had a high vision, and he was able to see Tess' voluptuous true value more clearly than anyone else.

“Hehehe, you are the perfect customer for this store. Let's see, can the uncle evaluate it?"

The fixer's hand reached out to Tess. Just by opening her palms, it felt like a net had been spread in front of her eyes.

Tess grabbed the fixer's middle finger. And he broke it with all his might.

“Aaaaaaa!”

The gigantic figure twisted its body ridiculously. The arm was fully extended, and the middle finger was bent enough to touch the back of the hand.

"it hurts! It hurts!”

"joy! You should have been careful with that. Even if you are a woman, my arm is stronger than your middle finger. This is what happens if you just trust your size and mess with it.”

“Ouch! You girl!”

Unable to bear the pain, the fixer threw out his fist on the other side. Then Tess let go of his fingers and twisted his body like lightning, swinging his elbow.

A light short hit hit the chin of the solver and passed. It was the perfect timing, so I felt as if the other person approached me as part of me and hit me.

As the fixer's brain vibrated, consciousness was cut off. When Tess stepped aside, the giant's body slammed down like an old tree.

---------------------------------------