HIGH GEAR(3)

Shirone, who reflexively twisted her body in a chilling feeling, realized it only after moving.

'sniping?'

It felt a little different from the real world, but the 11 senses were working normally.

Calculating the trajectory, Sirone spotted the man atop a pile of scrap metal piled high like a garden.

Perhaps it was the limit of level 1, but belatedly, as the artificial intelligence worked, the code name came to mind.

'Colonoscopy.'

The colonoscopist, code-named colonist, who realized it earlier than Sirone, withdrew his rifle and stood up.

'damn! what is that guy Did you get any weird perks? No, there is no such privilege.'

Although he was level 7, his time in high gear was no less than that of a ranker.

Level 1 couldn't avoid the bullet unless there was a new update that he didn't know about.

'I don't know if it's a guy who can avoid it with his bare body in reality.'

But is it possible?

The colonoscopist, who had been watching Yahweh 2 with an uneasy expression, took the strand in the direction of retreating.

'It must be noisy in the hometown of iron.' Shirone shouted as the colonoscopy quickly turned and disappeared opposite him.

"at there!"

He kicked off the ground and leaped about 2 meters, but it was impossible to use magic in reality.

"damn!"

By the time the sniper arrived, the man had already completely disappeared.

Judging by the time it ran, it meant that it was much faster than Sirone.

'It's a sniping from the beginning.'

I had a hunch when the weapons were piled up like a mountain, but I couldn't figure out why.

'What's the point of killing me when I'm just starting out? I have nothing to take.'

It wasn't even written in the beginner's tips.

"good! Start again!”

Cirone, who came down from the scrap metal pile, moved forward with her senses sharpened.

After exiting the entrance, strange things wandered around where the damaged aircraft fell.

At first glance, it looks like a rodent, but if you look closely, it's all made of machines.

Their information appeared in augmented reality.

'Metal Rat. A type of creature.'

The information was limited due to the level limit, but there was something I heard from Fermi.

'Aha, grab that and level up... … Thinking that it was good that it was not a living thing, Sirone pointed his rifle forward.

The pattern of the metal rat was simple.

It clung to the large aircraft and gnawed at the iron for 2 seconds, then hurriedly moved away.

“Hmm.”

Sirone felt that the evolution of the machine was strange.

'It seems to be moving non-stop to avoid predators. It's also a pattern that is conscious of long-distance attacks.'

Thus, two seconds would have been the golden ratio between feeding and survival.

'If you move too fast, you can't eat iron, and if you stay too long, you'll be sniped. If those countless cases have established the current pattern through generations... …

Sirone decided on a hunting method.

'At the moment it gnaws at the gas... … When I put my eyes on the sight, artificial intelligence automatically corrected the aiming point.

Actually, the angle of the shoulder and wrist was off, but it wasn't unpleasant because the synchronization was over.

'Now.'

The rifle opened fire.

Level 1 AI didn't even catch the recoil, so two of the four shots hit.

Kang! Kang!

As the Metal Rat limped away with a shrill scream, Sirone turned.

'again.'

bang! bang! bang! bang!

Accuracy increased when I shot it with a single shot to reduce recoil, and the metal rat was pushed away every time the sparks exploded.

Kiyi... … .

Luminous liquid flowed from a hole in the abdomen, and finally the action stopped.

“Caught.”

Information appeared in augmented reality.

The experience gauge went up quickly, and the number of 103 EXP flickered.

'It's up a third. If I catch two more, I'll level up.'

Sirone, who ran the momentum and searched the surroundings, was able to quickly hunt two more.

“Level up!”

As bright light flooded the retina, the level of the main augmented reality page changed to 2.

“Bonus points.”

When I opened the status window, the number +1 was marked next to the three items.

There seems to be no special change in artificial intelligence, but the change in output was felt by the body.

'It's gotten stronger.'

It was uncomfortable to say that it was a machine rather than a heart, but to be honest, it was a vibration close to pleasure.

“Okay, that’s right. Let’s go all the way to Ranker.” I felt like I could understand the feelings of people who were obsessed with high gear. Savoring the powerful engine, sirone

roamed the hometown of iron at will.

There were various types of creatures, but the difficulty was not higher than the metal rat pattern.

“Ahh, it’s level 3.”

By hunting seven of them, the level went up and the artificial intelligence got a new function.

'Hmm, 20 percent recoil correction. Ten shots in a row will hit two more. But what are the selective options? I raised the level to 3, but there is no change.'

Gradually, Fermi's absence was regrettable, but hunting creatures was still much more fun.

As we advanced a little further, the sharp scraping of iron was heard from a remote place.

When I put my back on the corner and poked my head out, I saw a huge quadrupedal machine lying down.

At the center of the aircraft, over thirty Metal Rats were huddled together.

'Isn't that a lot?'

The sound of gnawing iron was loud, and no creatures left their seats.

'When they gather as a group, they don't move. Or is there a secret to that aircraft?'

One thing came to Sirone's mind.

'It's a good experience.'

When I thought of the experience I would get from annihilating the Metal Rats, my mechanical heart skipped a beat.

Thinking it was finally time to use it, Sirone pulled out a grenade and held it up.

'Pull out the safety pin... …

As I was executing the manual that popped up on my left retina, someone suddenly jumped up from behind the quadrupedal walking machine.

"hey! Are you crazy?" When Sirone looked up, he saw a heavily armed boy raising his axe eye.

'Destruction Demon 707.'

It was the platinum codename.

As the metal rats began to scatter in all directions, Destruction Demon God 707 grabbed the helmet.

“Ah, sir! Everyone runs away! Hey, catch up quickly! Get experience points!”

A red-haired girl who had been hiding behind a pile of scrap metal jumped out and shouted.

“Catch what! It's already too late!” Taking no damage from her, the Metal Rat was incredibly nimble, sneaking through the cracks like her cockroaches.

While Sirone was staring at the safety pin, a skinny man appeared from the other side.

'That person is also platinum.'

The code name was 'strongest code name'.

He approached Sirone with his rifle pointed and let out a cold voice.

“Are you quarreling with us now?”

"huh? dispute?"

“You broke the trap. I barely collected them, so are you going to eat them raw? A mean child.”

Just then, the Demon God of Destruction 707 arrived.

“Hey, Yahweh 2! This kid is real! Do you have platinum on your forage? high gear

Would you like me to fold it?”

said the girl.

"stop. Tenman will come soon. I mean, I don't want to meet them.”

It was codenamed 'Death Princess'.

"excuse me… … sorry if i did something wrong If there is a way to compensate, I will.”

The Demon God of Destruction 707 shouted.

“Sounds like a reward! on the topic of biotechnology. Guys, should I just kill them?”

The strongest codename shook his head.

“The damage is too great. The equipment is all free, and you won't have a galaxy. Let's take it right away.”

Princess Death pointed at Sirone.

“Don’t be silly and follow me. If I break and die, I know I won’t be able to get out of the starting point.”

As a beginner tip, if you die in high gear, you may lose your parts and galaxy.

It was a fairly large penalty, but even if he killed Sirone, who was now penniless, it was equivalent to letting him go.

'It's better.'

Sirone needed information to get to the city he had promised with Fermi, so Sirone followed them.

“Ah, sir! It's even harder to get out of the iron home. We should let you hunt.”

“Let's try one more time. If you use this guy, you can make traps in no time.”

Sirone asked.

“Do you know where the attogram is? I was supposed to meet a friend there, but there must be some way to make up for it.”

“Hong, do you see us as water? You're doing this because you can't go to the Attogram. If you just go there, Mr... … It's not even my job to restore parts.”

“Why can’t you go?”

Death Princess said.

“Because the Tenmen are blocking it. I'm so sick of it I'm going to die Why is the operator standing still?”

“What is Tenman?”

God of Destruction 707 was absurd.

“What the hell do you know? I didn’t even know that, but I got into high gear pretty well.”

“I got some help.”

The strongest code name said.

“It must be a code name business. Yahweh 2 will be expensive. That guy from Attogram is actually a merchant, right?”

“Uh, what… … similar.”

God of Destruction 707 giggled.

“You got it right. OK, let me tell you about your bleak future. Coming to the Attogram means they're going to auction off your code name there. Because the killing order fell, there were a lot of code launderers. But the problem is the hometown of iron. This is the only place with a level restriction, so access is impossible.”

“What is the level limit?”

“10. That's why I'm Tenman. It's just a beginner's hunt with only level 10. When they go hunting, they come in groups, kill them, and give them all sorts of insults.”

“Why do you do that? They get nothing out of locking them in the beginner's area.”

“Because it’s fun.”

God of Destruction 707 turned his head.

“Of course I do it because it’s fun. Anyway, the numbers are so high that the three of us can't break through.”

“Then this is the end, right?”

“Not really. When new users gather, then it's an all-out war. Or wait for a large guild to do a massive code laundering. In that case, 30 to 40 people come in at the same time, but they are good at it, so they just push away Tenmen.”

Sirone twitched his lips.

'This Fermi bastard.'

I left out the most important information and told him to come to Attogram by tomorrow evening.

The strongest code name said.

“There is one more way… … Honestly, it's annoying.”

"huh? How?”

“Give them what they ask for. They record it, but there are rumors that they ask for a large amount of money as a condition for deleting the video after the level rises. If it's true, they don't just do it for fun.”

Death Princess added.

“There are various rumors about Ten Man, but there is no need to worry too much. After all, if you leave the iron hometown, there will be nothing to see again. The reason we made traps was to level them up all at once. If you hunt one by one, Tenman will come and kill you before you know it.”

God of Destruction 707 said.

“You are lucky. Were you still hunting? Originally, I should have been caught by Ten-Man right away.”

“No, I met you at the starting point too. I was just starting out, and they suddenly sniped me.”

"If it's a sniper... … Sir, the chief eunuch by any chance?”

“Oh, right.”

"haha! You were also unlucky. That guy has some skills. Is that why she interrupted us? Are you trying to take your anger out because you keep dying from Ten Man?”

“It is really a mistake. And he didn't die either. It didn’t appear after I avoided it once.”

"damage? avoid what?”

"sniping. It was close, but.”

Silence passed.

The three stared blankly at Sirone.

In the middle, God of Destruction 707 burst into laughter.

“Puhahaha! Kill the bluff! what? Avoid sniping? So you're saying you dodged a bullet?"

“No, what happened to that was a terrifying life.

As Sirone, who reflexively threw her body, rolled on the floor, bullets rained from all sides.

"damn! Tenman!”

The three people, lying flat, crawled on their stomachs, but they were too far from cover.

'He died without moving.'

However, only the sound of gunfire was heard loudly, and no one was shot.

"what?"

Their eyes, which looked behind them while they were crawling, shook in shock.

About 11 Tenmen.

There was only one person they were aiming for, and Yahweh 2 was running barefoot between the trajectories of the bullets.

'Do you really avoid it?'

Destroyer God 707, trying to understand somehow, grimaced and muttered.

“… … Isn't this a bug?"