[119] Unexpected guest (4)

Rihanna fanned Olina's burning chest.

“Father, it’s not like this, let’s go get some wood right now. To commemorate Sirone's arrival!”

“Puhaha! Could it be? Okay, let's burn it properly with the three of us!”

"honey! What kind of tree is it while drinking? Go in and go to sleep.”

“Mom, it's okay. I will come and go.”

Sirone readily accepted. Now that this has happened, I thought it would be okay to solve the problem properly.

Olina, on the other hand, couldn't let go of her worries. Even though Vincent is very drunk, climbing a mountain while drunk was dangerous even for a mountaineer.

"Is that okay? And what if you get hurt?”

“It’s okay because I have it. I'll be back before lunch.”

In the past, he would have followed Olina's words, but now the situation was different. She had once defended her children against fearsome ulks, so nothing to worry about.

Olina was unfamiliar with such a son. Her expression was definitely brighter than before, and she was overflowing with confidence in her words and actions.

Is this the power of education? Although he was a good boy, there were many times he didn't know what he was thinking, and now he has become a completely different person. More than anything he seemed to be able to love himself a little more.

After Olina's permission was given, the three men left for the logging area, exchanging stories they hadn't heard before. In particular, Lian stepped quickly because she wanted to show her achievements.

Lian, who stayed at Vincent's house for two days, heard an anecdote about Sirone's childhood. Among them, the most impressive part was the thunder attack. Around the time she confronted Sirone at her hometown, she had a hard time getting stabbed by a sword, so her interest increased.

Arriving at the logging area, Lian shouted.

"ruler! Then, like a man, shall we beat a tree? How are you, Sirone? do you want to bet with me The loser will grant the wish.”

Lian, who was bigger than before, had no trouble holding the two-handed ax with one hand. To exaggerate, if Lian was a dead tree, Sirone was like a squirrel standing next to it.

"good. so what?”

Sirone meekly agreed. He had never lost a bet with Lian. Can't the winner run away when the loser challenges?

Lian raised the axe and nodded to Vincent, who also raised his thumb under his arms.

“Then do it first.”

Rian swung the ax with all his might. A thump sounded and the trunk of the tree shook. 

Absolutely devastating force. He could see how rigorous he trained for half a year.

“Wow, that's great. Is that schema?”

"huh? Ahaha! Of course not! Do you need to do skima as much as chopping wood?”

Ryan's answer was somewhat awkward, but Sirone decided to move on. 

Lian raised the ax again. Then, looking back at Shirone, he winked at him in one eye.

“The real thing is from now on.”

Lian's ax hit the area where the shell had burst again. A clap of thunder was heard and the tree fell at once.

“Thunderstorm… … .”

Sirone noticed at once. The success of the thunder attack meant that Lian was also able to do swordsmanship. 

“Uh ha ha ha! How are you, Sirone? I am not the old me!”

Contrary to what he shouted out loud, Lian's heart was racing. To be honest, there was a small chance of failure.

I learned swordsmanship at swordsmanship school, but the success rate against people was quite low.

However, thanks to Vincent's explanation of Thunderstrike and practicing all day long, he was on the verge of succeeding with trees nine times out of ten.

"amazing. It's different from the thunder attack I do.”

“Is this a natural result? Anyway, a bet is a bet. I succeeded in two attempts, so you should take it down with one!”

Vincent let out a hearty laugh.

"haha! Sirone, try your best. If there is a tie, it continues until one person wins. Wouldn’t it be enough to cut down the entire mountain?”

Vincent thought Sirone wouldn't be able to touch it either. Lian's strength is great, but from an early age, Sirone had a natural talent in the technical field.

“Now, use my axe.”

"no it's okay. I'll just do it like this.”

Sirone approached the tree and held out her hand. Then, Vincent and Lian made puzzled expressions. How can you fell a thick tree without an axe?

After estimating the location, Sirone entered the Spirit Zone. And he hit the tree with the wind cutter, which can be called basic magic.

Tak from the inside of the tree trunk! and a crackling sound was heard.

With that, everything was over.

As the two people watching tilted their heads, Sirone slowly pushed the tree. Then the log fell over, revealing a clean cut.

"Hurray! I won!”

Unlike Sirone, who jumped up and down with excitement, Vincent and Lian had their mouths wide open as if their jaws were missing.

How can a tree be cut down without any damage? It was impossible without the use of magic.

'Ah, that's magic.' 

Lian looked at the root of the tree Sirone had cut down. Even if he was a swordsman trainee, he wouldn't be able to cut it so smoothly.

“What kind of magic is this?”

“It’s called a wind cutter. It makes the air sharp by raising the wind, and in fact, it can be said to be the basic of the basics.”

Vincent was speechless at the sight of his son who had changed.

Of course, since he was sent to a magic school, he assumed that he would have learned one magic, but it was true that he had only thought of the circus troupe's novelties.

By the way, I cut a log at once. Depending on how you handled it, it was like a murder weapon.

"haha. I can't believe it. Can daddy teach you too? If you cut trees with that magic, you will earn much more than you do now.”

Sirone laughed embarrassingly at Vincent's naive words.

"It's basic magic, but it's not that easy to learn."

If you learn the wind cutter, it is natural that you can cut more than 100 trees a day. But no wizard in the world made money by cutting trees. 

Even if it were a thousand trees, it was because the wizard's daily wage was much higher. It wasn't that the value of a thousand trees was low, but that the wizard's salary was high.

Sirone realized that and felt better. He had a great fear of failure when he entered school, but now he was relieved that he had the skills to support his family even if he couldn't graduate.

If others heard it, they would think that the wizard who opened Immortal Function was crazy, but to Sirone, family was just as precious.

“Anyway, since I won, I will tell you my wish. Lian carries her tree to her house.”

“Sheesh! I can't. I was going to listen anyway.”

Lian cut the fallen tree into pieces and prepared to return with a fork.

Although he lost the bet, a smile hung on Lian's lips as he descended the mountain. Sirone personally proved that her eyes were not mistaken.

'That's great, Sirone. Of course, what I showed you today is not all of you, right?'

When we got back to the house, Olina had prepared all sorts of food. Literally delicacies from the mountains and seas, it seemed that all the foods that could be found on land, sea, and air had been brought up.

“Wow, that sounds delicious. thank you for this food!"

While eating, Sirone told what had happened at school. 

Of course, I omitted the situations where my life was at stake, but there were so many other things besides that.

“… … So, the correct answer was number 3. ha ha ha! Thanks to that, I was promoted to Class Four from the next semester.”

"ah-ha, I see."

Contrary to expectations, Vincent and Olina did not respond. Shiro, who was still wondering if there was anything more to say, opened her hand as if you finally realized it.

“It is incredibly great.”

Then, a blush appeared on both of their faces. I had never been to school, so I couldn't understand half of what Sirone said, but the joy of his son's achievement was no different from other parents.

"aha! You mean that? Congratulations, Sirone!”

“Good job, my son. How worried her mom was.”

Olina lifted the tablecloth and wiped away tears. 

Lian smiled heartily as she looked at the scene of a loving family. He seemed to know where Sirone's calm personality began.

“Anyway, Rian, why did you really come here?”

"Oh right. Come to think of it, I came to ask for permission from you two.”

“You can say anything. If there is anything I can do, of course I should help.”

That's what he said, but Vincent was quite worried. What permission did the son of an aristocratic family ask the mountaineer for?

“Can I go play with Sirone? About a week.”

Sirone turned her head away as if it were absurd.

“What, to play? Why are you talking about things I don't know? Where are you going?”

“Galliant Island. don't worry. Because I had a plan in advance.”

"what? Galliant?”

Sirone opened her eyes wide. When a place that had been on her mind lately came out of her mouth, she was startled.

“When I was working in the library, I was completely locked up. Let's take this opportunity to get some fresh air. It's also close to Creas. It will be fun. Galliante Island is one of the most popular vacation spots in the world.”

“Besides, there are Kergo Ruins.”

This time, Rihanna was surprised.

"huh? Did you know?”

“No, I didn't know that there were ruins. Whoa, it must have been such a famous place. This is surprising.”

Sirone, who had been searching the map for several days, found out that the Kergo ruins were on Galliant Island. I had a vague feeling that it was a ruin, but I remembered that I decided to visit it because it was not far away.

Sirone looked at her mother. He had intended to go once during vacation, but he would be disappointed if his son returned after half a year and told him he was going straight away.

However, as always, Olina followed Sirone's will.

“Come on. We are all in favor.”

“But Mom, this time I was going to help my father with his work when he gets back from school… … .”

Vincent burst out laughing.

"Hey! Have you been to a battlefield? I came here after going to school, so I can go play during vacation. If a boy is looking for his parents too much, he won’t be able to use that either.”

Sirone pursed his lips with a prickly expression. Of course, the magic school is also a school, but it was not an exaggeration to say that the danger experienced there was close to the battlefield.

“Then, can we set the period to ten days?”

"huh? ten days? It doesn't matter, but wouldn't it be a place worth visiting for that long?”

“Ah, actually, there is something I want to investigate separately.”

Lian put on a tired expression.

“Are you studying there too? You are amazing too, really.”

Since Sirone had read through all the history books in the Ogent family, studying at the resort would not have been a chore.

'Hehehe, but it won't be easy this time. Will studying really catch my eye there?'

Recalling a trump card, Lian secretly waited for tomorrow with a smile.

* * *

Sirone packed her suitcase and went to bed. Rian also decided to stay until today, so the two lay side by side with a blanket on the floor.

“Tell me anyway. Why didn't you go home?"

"huh? Oh, that's... … .”

Ryan was speechless. Just as Rayna knows her sister, Rihanna knew her sister well. It was clear that she was probably trying to catch herself by mailing her report card home.

But I couldn't tell Sirone the truth. He did his best, so he wasn't ashamed of being in last place, but his mouth didn't drop at all.

“Just a trivial family matter. ha ha ha."

Sirone didn't argue anymore.

“Anyway, it’s fine. I was going to go there at least once during vacation anyway.”

“Did you say Kergo Ruins? What are you going to investigate?”

“I don’t know yet. I'm going to enjoy my vacation as it is, so it's okay. For now, I'll play with you on the island, and then I'll stay alone to investigate.”

Ryan felt that something was out of the ordinary. The Kergo ruins were a tourist destination. There was no way that Sirone would tell her to go back first if she was simply doing research in a place like that.

---------------------------------------