final chapter (4)

Adam connected to Richard, exactly the sex brain, sent a signal to the main body.

“My role is done. You can turn it off now.”

"are you okay?"

Even though the whole body was a machine, the heart was still a human, so Richard asked.

"I've seen Lilith's life, so I don't need to stay. I just fulfilled my responsibility to this world. At least I wanted to protect what Guffin left behind.”

“Are you waking up in the outside world?”

“I don’t know. As long as the missing link still works, you won't know until you go.”

“What if I wake up? You might be able to help the world. Still, it is the world I stayed in.”

"well."

The castle brain thought for a moment.

“Honestly, I am not sure. Any good dream is quickly forgotten in the face of reality.”

“… … I guess so.”

"how about you? If Sirone wins, there will be no gods in this world.”

“At that time, shouldn’t I turn off the power too?”

“Are you giving up your chance to become a god?”

"haha."

said Richard.

“God exists for humans.

After all,” Adam said goodbye.

“I have to go.”

"okay. please… …

I can hear the sound of the output dropping out.

“I hope it was a good dream.”

The brain that had the blue electricity

it got dark

Good and evil, ball and child collided.

“Kuaaa!”

At the combined attack of mankind, Habitz was retreating with a scream.

On the other hand, the form became more bizarre.

As the lower body melted, it was connected to the ground, and the universe was traveling through the black upper body.

“Never lose! I never lose!”

right, mom?

The ground connected to Habitz shuddered like water, and hundreds of hands protruded.

“Kuk!”

When Son Yu-jeong was caught by one of them, Havitz, who was thrown to the ground, screamed in agony.

“Gaaaaa!”

Son Yu-jeong's body began to burn as the pain surged.

Gaold frowned.

“I’m going crazy.”

His existence itself was chaos, to the extent that he was better off when his mental state was chaos.

Taesung and Lethe entered Richard's secret room.

“It’s running out of control.”

Lethe, who spotted Harvits on the screen in front of her, said with a serious expression.

“Hidden code is originally a meta code that should not be applied to the main ground as it is. It is a master language that operates the process before the world is implemented.”

Taeseong said.

“It is the world behind it.”

"okay. Satan's definition is the central control unit overseeing the sources of the underworld. Even so, God, who is the core of the five systems, has the final approval authority, but Harbitz is currently recklessly abusing God’s authority.”

said Richard.

"Is it possible?"

“It is possible. If it is the Illuminati.” “As an administrator, I don’t know the realm beyond God. I'm just guessing through God's data. It must be a fairly high level of authority among the Illuminati. Otherwise, God's security regulations cannot be changed at will.”

Taeseong said bitterly.

“Havitz… … The missing link is broken.”

“It will not be arbitrary. It's not something you can do on purpose. It is not properly synchronized. That's an illegal accessor. The missing link signal was weak.”

Richard saw Satan's battle.

“Are you a child too? Dealing with code is so immature and intuitive.”

“Havitz has lived here for over 40 years, but as the missing link weakens, his original tendencies come out. Of course, an expert wouldn't treat it like that, but there's no way you would do something like that in the first place, right? It's meaningless, and an attack on the world the user is connected to would be a felony."

Taeseong asked.

“Could Harvits’ inexperience be a breakthrough?”

“It will be difficult.”

Lethe was negative.

"Even if you're immature, it's God's right. Even if there is a human who understands all five systems, there is a difference between growing and using what has already been completed. As Terraforce said, the battle between good and evil will end with the victory of evil. Even if Ae wins the ball and the world is maintained.”

“A child and a ball… …

Richard changed the background of the screen.

Sirone and Nane were attacking each other while maintaining a distance of 400 kilometers.

It's a long distance for humans, but considering their bullets, it was close.

“It’s tight.”

This time, Taeseong stepped in.

“If Havitz broke God’s rule, you and I are God’s rule itself. That is why it is right.”

“It's a complicated situation. Even if Sirone wins, if evil wins, it means the user suffers. Then, of course, you have to leave.”

“So there is Terraforce.” Lethe dazed as Richard turned the screen.

“What is that again?”

Their ship, which should reset the history of mankind, was flying staggeringly.

Taeseong said.

“The Illuminati are on board. It appears to have broken the missing link in the real world. In that case, punishment is impossible according to the user's self-regulation. Of course, if you know the outside world, you won't have any regrets here. But why would that be?”

Richard reasoned.

“There must be something left in this world. Anyway, from what I hear, this universe is the only one in the multiverse of Gods where the signal from the Guffin came in.”

“It’s completely ruined.”

Lethe grabbed her head.

“This universe is a mess. He said he felt ashamed as a manager of the five major systems.”

said Richard.

“Judgment seems impossible. If so, it will eventually be decided in the cog wheel of good and evil. As the administrator of the system, what if you predicted the final outcome?”

Lethe shook her head.

“Not even a god can calculate that. Good and evil is just a direction written on a compass. It's just that the four people who have reached the pole are suggesting different directions. What revolves around the center... …

Taeseong said.

"mind."

Humans will decide where to go.

The planet was like a nucleus encased in a cell membrane.

Anticell burning in sunlight

A huge amount of gas was emanating from the skin.

Chee Hee Hee!

Trillions of objects burned per second, but they divided into many more cells, and the cell membranes grew thicker.

The sunlight that illuminated the world by causing diffuse reflection within the slime gradually weakened.

“Sirone!”

under that gray sky.

"me : yes!"

Yahweh and Buddha were engaged in a dogfight while flying at a speed of over 40 Mach.

'Photon Cannon!'

Depending on the angle of the turn, their range moved between 400 and 1,200 km.

“Sermon.”

At the center, tens of thousands of flashes and swords of light were intersecting.

pop! pop! pop! pop!

With her wings flapping, Sirone evaded the sword of light flying from beyond the horizon.

Nane was invisible, but his sermons were speaking instead.

'No, it's me.'

You can't close it like this.

'There will be pain. Can't someone else do it for me Maybe he wants to die.'

Because Sirone also lived such a life.

'But you're living again like this. Even if it's painful... …

Hand of God - Photon Cannon.

“There can be any number of happy days!”

A huge flash like the sun traveled 700 kilometers in an instant and reached Nane.

you put it together

"river! dog! nine! jin! green onion! heat! pole!" The harmony of the sermon turned into a huge sword and blew up the photon cannon.

"middle! heat! radish! rain! dragon! roo!"

Then, the vibrating sword increased as much as the number of vibrations and fired.

"okay."

I know too.

'There must have been times when I was happy when I was born. Whether he saw a clown perform or held hands with a lover.'

but someone

'I'm starving. Being humiliated! getting sick! Killed for no reason!'

Nane's attack intensified.

“I don’t know if he will come or not! Just to receive and eat that one drop of happiness!”

If it were middle school students waiting with their mouths open, enduring all sorts of pain.

“Rather than the harsh fantasy of happiness, isn’t it the right way to abandon greed and anxieties and take in free tranquility?

The ignorant sermon is shot.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!

An explosion sounded over the Republic of South Eymond, probably where Sirone was.

The people of South Eymond watched the rain of swords with fear and wonder.

The sword of the sermon was so shiny that I couldn't even see the scene where it was stabbed by Sirone.

“Hey, Yahweh.”

they know

In the final return, Sirone embraced the sins of the whole world with love.

“Whoa.”

The smoke in the sky cleared, and Sirone, engulfed in the Miracle Stream, uttered a low voice.

"me : yes."

Negotiation is impossible anyway.

“It is not us who decides that.”

“Quack!” Harvits has evolved endlessly.

coup

Death fields spread all over the place, and the resistance army struggled with the pain of becoming charcoal.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Havitz, who holds the universe in his body, declared with his arms wide open.

"I am a God! I can do anything I want!”

right, mom?

If it weren't for Wizards, this annoying world would be destroyed.

"charge! Don't stop!”

Although dealing with Havitz was a terrible pain, the resistance did not back down.

“Keuuugh!”

pain! pain! pain!

Between the real and the fake, the meaning of good and evil has already faded.

“Be patient! Hold on! I can win!”

Only pain was proving this moment.

“Havitz!”

Miro's Thousand-Armed Kannon hit Havitsu's body with 120 million hits.

Puff puff puff puff!

“I believe in God!”

Eden joined hands and prayed, spreading a huge shield over the entire radius.

“I think it will work!”

As Harvits slammed his hands down again, an even stronger pain spread across the field.

Again, with human screams spreading out like concentric circles, Gaold threw himself.

'Don't mock.'

Gaold's hair began to bleach as he slammed the ground with both legs.

'Don't mock humans.'

Even knowing the great pain ahead, he took another step towards it.

It is said that the screams of humans desperately struggling to live are quite beautiful.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Miro thought.

“Gaold!”

Huge atmospheric pressure hit the ground, and Havitz's face was crushed like a porridge.

-It hurts j

thud! thump thump thump!

Kang Nan bit his lip in the midst of the endlessly pounding air press, and tears welled up in his eyes.

'It must be painful.'

Life runs over you.

As if thrown into the boiling water of good and evil, life itself was fluttering.

'Something like pain... …

Gauld's eyes turned completely upside down.

“It’s just pain.”

“Stop talking nonsense!”

Havitz finally realized Gaold's characteristics.

'That guy gets stronger the more he gets sick. and… …

There is no limit to pain.

'then.'

A white hole opened in Havitz's eyes, and a pure white beam hit the ground.

Pain code 17 (test version). Hot steam rises from the earth, and pain that does not exist in this world explodes.

“Quaaaaaaaaaaaa!”

As Eden's defenses melted, air bubbles began to form in people's bodies.

Harvits shouted.

“Did you think you would win?”

Because you are right, because you are good, because there are no holy places for devils.

“I thought I could beat God!” Havitz's huge hand gripped Gaold, and a great pain went through his brain.

"ugh… …

That scream... … .

“Quaaaaaaaa!”

It was a terrible and desperate sound that made the listener feel cold.

Miro ran away in tears.

“Gaold!”

Tears of blood were also flowing from the incarnation of the Thousand-Handed Guanyin that filled the sky.

210 million hits. As many as 370 million blows, terrible pain flowed through the incarnation to Miro.

Gaold.

Miro thought.

'Why are we so hard? Can't I just live like everyone else?'

'It's a maze.'

He was also thinking of Gauld, who was screaming in Havitz's grasp.

'Living is painful. Because each person lives with one burden.'

'You mean it's not more painful than them?'

'Let's believe that.'

If you deny even that... … .

Gaold raised the pain threshold with all his might.

“Aaaaaaa!”

What will be left of our lives?

Cuckoo coo coo coo!

Havitz's body gradually became flattened by the frantic air press.

“Big.”

Finally, with a thump, he fell flat at Gaold's feet again.

“Kurrure… …

The resistance group, whose body parts had turned to charcoal, stared blankly at the scene in front of them.

“Go, Gaold.”

Gaold, who was staggering in the center, vomited and slowly turned his head.

His eyes were completely open, and red blood was pouring from the pores all over his body.

"Howdy??????

Seeing Miro's weeping face without even thinking about wiping away his tears, he giggled.

“Since I live, I see you crying because of me?”

my idea

"autumn'......

Miro's heart sank.

The light in Gaold's eyes, which had been shaken in shock, began to return to normal at a rapid pace.

Those were the eyes of a determined person.

“Please come back.”

Miro's head moved left and right involuntarily, and Gaold looked at Havitz.

“Can you tell me why you can’t move?”

“Kreur! you… …

“To beat me, you have to hurt more than me.”

His tone was calm, but his face was already convulsing with nervous shock.

The maze was terrified.

“Gaold, wait.”

"are you okay."

While shivering as if he was about to explode, Gaold tried to smile.

“Because suffering is lonely.”

Cannot be divided, cannot be passed on.

'I really don't know. I wonder how hard it is for me too.'

I've never, and probably never can, measure the pain of another person.

'One thing is clear.'

Regardless of whether a person is strong or weak, a person who pursues goodness has a strong sense of responsibility.

4N...'

Living with an unbearable burden.

"no! Gaold!”

Miro held out his hand and came running, and Gaold slowly closed his eyes as he prepared for the last.

“So me too… …

pain - infinity.

“It doesn’t hurt that much.” air press.

At the same time as the magic was activated, Gaold's form sank into the depths of the underground.

same time. Taeseong suddenly crouched down on him and grabbed his head.

'It's the strongest ever.'

As if foreseeing what was to come, Lethe looked at her with a tired expression.

Taeseong let out a scream.

“Quaaaaaaaaaaa!”

Tremendous vibrations occurred at one point, and Richard watched a tremendous pillar of fire on the screen.

'The maximum threshold that this world can give. And the power of magic that comes out of that threshold... …

Satan was also close.

I've probably sung a thousand songs and played more than that.

support support! support support!

Divine transcendence was still valid, but Ranstin now had no songs left.

'Repeat is impossible.'

Samantha's control would weaken.

'Still, he endured.'

The man's face that came to mind at the last moment that was about to come was ironic.

'Pannier.'

Thirty percent of the songs he played were composed while he was working with Panier.

'I thought I'd never take it out again.' When I actually played it, it wasn't bad, no, on the contrary, I quite liked it.

'I must have known.'

That person.

Lin couldn't sing.

Her vocal cords, which had saved her throat like life, had completely ruptured and she could not make any more sounds.

'Why did I insist?'

All those experiences, the fact that countless times are making you who you are now.

'If only I had known a little earlier.'

Ranstin smiled for a while, but the guitar melody began to soften.

Sensing the change, Rin's eyes softened.

go.

“Ohhhh. Oh oh."

Ranstin sang.

“Ohhhh. Oh oh."

It was just an eight-bar melody without lyrics, but it was definitely different from the previous one.

To my daughter, to my wife, to Panier, to all the people in the world who have been angry.

“Ohhhh! Oh oh!"

It was sincerity expressed through voice.

A miracle happened when Ranstin's voice spread to the world on the Anticell.

"what'?"

A lot of people started looking at the sky.

And the music also flowed deep underground where the survivors took refuge.

A song to sing with all your heart.

oh oh Oh oh.

Having heard all of Ranstin's music so far, Panier's lips went up.

'Yes, that is your soul.'

oh oh Oh oh.

Panier, who was deeply inhaling his cigarette, looked up at the ceiling and murmured quietly.

“… … Where is the contract?"

The song is over.

Perhaps because he was satisfied, Ranstin released his alter ego, the guitar, and threw it to the ground.

All that remains is Anticell's all-out attack.

Rin, who calmly watched as the rain of countless cells fell, turned around.

because I already told you everything.

No words were needed, and the two hugged each other and shared a deep kiss.

and.

Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!

The cell buster devastated the ground.

Air press explosion area.

Thanks to Taeseong desperately blocking it, the resistance forces suffered little damage.

Cyrano grumbled.

“Crazy. I told you not to come around, did you mean to blow up the whole city?”

Rufist said.

“Anyway, it's definitely the greatest explosion ever. It would be nice if this was the end of Satan... …

So far there has been no movement.

“I’m in trouble!”

Nade and Iruki, who were fighting demons in another area, ran to them.

“What is going on?”

"sky. Look at the sky.”

After the smoke cleared, what they confirmed was an innumerable number of anticells.

“… … Right."

Judging by the number of objects, it would not have lasted even an hour.

“Iruki!”

Flames gathered in the air, and Amy, who had turned into an incarnation of fire, appeared.

“The music has stopped! We will invade soon.”

“We know. but… …

“I’ll block it.”

It was also burned by the sun, so Amy's flames must also work.

“All of that?”

Amy, who looked at the sky, was also dizzy.

“You can't completely stop it. Let's make a filter by spreading a thin layer of flame. Even if you block only seven out of ten, you can buy time.”

Iruki nodded.

“Then I will find a way with Fermi. Let me last as long as possible.”

"okay."

Amy flew up and witnessed the cells pouring down from the North Pole.

"oh my god."

However, her incarnation was also at the level of accepting the phoenix from the sun.

“As far as possible… …

And wide, her body turned into a veil of fire that began to cover the planet.

Hearing the roar of Gaol'd's explosion, Ikael looked towards the temple.

'It's tremendous power.'

It was when Taeseong's durability was taken into account.

Ashur said.

“If you want to check, I will keep it.”

At that moment, the landscape was crumpled and the true voice appeared beyond the boundaries of space.

“Angel, it is urgent.”

Behind her, a brown-skinned woman and a man with a sword stood side by side.

It was Maya and Cayden.

“Soon the cell busters will invade the ground. We need to take measures before that.”

Ikael asked at Jin Seong-eum's words.

"Is there a way?"

Maya said.

“My friend Fermi, no, anyway, asked me to sing instead of the guitar man.”

"sing?"

As far as Ikael knew, the song that had stopped Anticell so far was a kind of magic.

“Can you stop too?”

Maya shook her head.

"no. But God hates this incident. Because Fermi said he saw the information of the future. Of course now

It doesn’t seem like the future I knew.”

Ikael looked back at the battlefield and thought

all.

'Uriel.'

No matter what she did, Uriel's will would continue.

“Rather than helping those who are fighting now

Would it be more helpful to help them?”

"yes. Only Ikael can do this

yeah.”

"??????what?"

Maya tightened her eyes and said.

“Amplify the song, please.”

to spread all over the world.

The smoke from the explosion cleared, and the rebels despaired of seeing it floating in the sky.

- Ha ha ha ha!

It wasn't the usual hideous figure, but a figure with white skin like a nameless.

“It’s called the base type.”

“Aren’t there any scratches?”

Even that was hopeless, but the strong including Miro recognized it at a glance.

'It's gotten stronger.'

-Okay, bugs? What kind of existence am I? I saw the god that everything is possible. As Harvits opened his arms, things like fish eyes flowed over his white skin.

Calamity code 23 (test version).

The body swelled enormously and turned into a ghastly monster with tens of thousands of eyes.

-Then where... … .

“You son of a bitch!”

And the next moment, Miro started running alone, raising her eyes of hatred.

The moment when the space of Jinseongeum is connected.

Demon Sword - Biseom.

Cayden's sword slashed through space at a tremendous speed, defeating the surrounding Anticells.

"hurry!"

Unlike Kitaru Man, Cayden had no choice but to widen the radius with a thin sword.

The two people who once sang to the whole world disappeared without a trace.

'thank you.'

But Maya intuitively found where they sang.

Ikael shrugged.

“Get started. I don’t know much about singing, but I hope I can convey your feelings.”

Maya nodded and closed her eyes for a moment.

Cayden's battle and Ashur's preparations for transfer are gradually getting farther and farther away.

In a state of perfect concentration and with all her heart, she began to speak.

oh oh Oh oh.

It was the posthumous work of Kitaruman.

The battle between Buddha and Yahweh became more rapid.

Their circumnavigation of the planet passed through as many countries as their journey.

Through Tormia, Kazra, Ferris, Biden, and Jive, to Kashan's desert.

“Yahweh.”

And each time the flash passed, people came out and turned to the sky.

A song heard from somewhere.

oh oh Oh oh.

The melody was the same, but the voice belonged to a woman much softer than before.

“You sing well.”

People around agreed.

"Good song."

that too.

After a while, someone shyly spoke up.

“Ohhh… … Oh oh."

Starting with that, they sang along one by one, and finally everyone in the street sang in chorus.

10 to 100, 100 to 1,000.

Ohhh! Oh oh!

Tormia, Kazura, and Biden. Jincheon, Nambang, Iron, Kessia, Yakma, Paras, etc.

Sirone and Nane searched the ground at the voices that spread simultaneously from all over the world.

'This?'

What the two realized at the same time was information about the future of Apocalypse that had now been erased.

'The song of all mankind.'

At that time, God frustrated humans, but now the Veron problem has been solved.

'The future can change.'

Sirone clenched his fists.

'If everyone decides not to fight, it magically happens.'

It seems so easy, but something that has never been achieved in human history.

Ohhh! Oh oh!

said Mika.

- Detection of Ultima system possibilities. Consolidation rate of 2 percent. Number of participants, 54,067,984.

"mister! mister!"

Gang-Nan, who did not avoid the place when the explosion occurred, searched for Gaold.

He was wriggling in the center of the crater.

"mister!"

After confirming that all of her limbs were broken, Kang Nan immediately turned around.

“Right now, people… … !”

“I had a dream.”

Gaold looked calm.

“I was with her. It was a happy dream. We built a cabin in the woods, I hunted, and she cooked. I have a wolf that goes hunting with me, and I really liked him.”

Gangnan smiled.

“… … It was a wonderful dream.”

“When I woke up, I felt a little empty. I miss that dream But that didn't work.”

Gaold looked back at Gangnan.

“If this is a dream, I will have to miss this place again. Whether it’s reality or a dream, I just have to live the moment I am at my best.”

Kang Nan nodded while shedding tears.

"okay."

autoreciprocal mutation.

Wasn't the reason why he was able to withstand countless shocks because of his superhuman will?

Maybe decades more, maybe it'll be over in just a few minutes.

Even if there is only one second left, he will do his best to live here.

"thank you."

Gangnan was satisfied with that.

"don't worry."

Gaulde, who took the pain of infinity, felt what an ordinary person feels.

“Because it doesn’t hurt anymore.”

The air was sweet for the first time.