[367] Special Training (2)

"good. For now, I decided on one.”

The difficulty of the Almighty was much higher than the battery for the shotgun movement.

However, it was rather fortunate for Sirone, who had strengths in the spirit zone.

As a rule of thumb, I thought I could master it in a month.

'Then you can learn one more thing. Shall we raise the level of difficulty for this one?'

Heading to the place where the new magic book was inserted, Sirone looked at the advanced difficulty column.

Books such as 《Time Lock Using Quantum Transformation》 and 《Magic Circle Interference According to Wave Principle》 were lined with books that made you feel hives just by looking at their titles.

Besides, most of them were about information magic, so it wasn't magic that was needed right away.

'pass. pass. That too passes.'

Sirone read each and every title and moved slowly. It was for advanced users only, so I didn't see any thin books.

“Oh, what about this?”

Sirone stopped walking in front of the book in the last slot.

It was about the same thickness as other books, and it wasn't information magic either. But what caught my attention most of all was the title.

laser guided technology

“It’s a laser… … .”

It is a stage that requires a high level of energy output, but Sirone easily reached it using God Particles. Being able to convert mass into energy was such a huge privilege.

However, it was a skill that ordinary wizards could conquer only by practicing for a long time. That's why the wizard who developed the laser guidance technology must have been quite an expert.

“Shall we take a look?”

The white cover of the photon series. However, as if it were a laser, a red band was wrapped around it to create an atmosphere.

After checking the name of the developer written under the title, Sirone pursed her lips in surprise.

Louis Jacobin.

‘Ah, the Jacobins… … .'

Since he was the director of the particle laboratory under the command of Tormia's dragon, he was a wizard that anyone studying photon magic should know.

When I opened the book, most of it was plastered with complicated formulas.

Sirone passed the battery for now and looked at the outline of the magic. His face, which had been reading calmly, gradually heated up.

“Awesome, this.”

It was fusion magic that combined the two principles of the photon series.

Magic comes into play when you concentrate, so there is basically only one slot for thinking. Therefore, advanced mages combine two or even three attributes to demonstrate the advantages of several classes at the same time.

A brief summary of the magic developed by the Jacobins was photons equipped with laser guidance devices.

Optical fiber or a special medium is required to bend the light, but the trajectory can be changed as much as possible by inducing the target with a laser.

Above all, it was possible to track a moving target as long as it was within the range of inertia.

The Jacobins must have developed this magic for the purpose of conveying information, but the trajectory of the howitzer of the Photon Cannon was already clearly drawn in Sirone's mind.

'This is what Mr. Flew said. Magic that can compensate for weaknesses and create synergy.'

If you apply spin to the photon cannon that contains mass, a certain amount of curve is possible. However, in terms of predictive shooting, the efficiency was too low and the bending angle was not large.

'But if you learn laser guidance technology... … .'

You can hit the opponent no matter where they move. Depending on the level, there would be a difference in precision, but for Sirone, who drew explosive firepower in a short time, it was the best magic to reduce the waste of mental power.

'good! This is my first fusion magic!'

Sirone took the magic book and looked for Fleur. As she wandered around her flame-lined corner, she turned her head away from putting her hand on her high bookshelf.

"huh? Did you pick them all?”

“Yes, here. Two volumes.”

Flew looked back and forth between the two books and nodded. Although he has an advanced course, he was not a good choice to be intimidated beforehand.

"huh. First of all, I think the compatibility is good. Let’s talk to Isabelle and borrow it.”

As the two took the book, Isabelle cut off the credit card.

Then, after looking at the laser guidance technology magic book, he asked with a surprised expression.

“This is pretty difficult. Are you okay?”

"yes. Because I know how to do laser. But is it that difficult?”

“Because it is a specialized field that is not covered in schools. Especially since it uses radio waves, it will be unfamiliar.”

The laser that Sirone uses is different from that of other wizards.

God Particles allowed Sirone to jump over all the high barriers he couldn't reach at once, but since he had no precise concept of a battery, the range of applications was limited.

“I will try. I definitely want to learn the laser with this opportunity.”

If that was the case, Isabelle would have no reason to stop it.

“Well, using photons as offensive magic is a rare case, so you must be greedy. If there is something you don't understand while studying, ask me. Because the president of the association instructed me to teach at least by tutoring.”

I was grateful for Gaold's consideration, but at the same time, I was terrified.

He really believed that Sirone could develop magic to destroy Heaven.

"thank you. I will probably come back soon.”

"haha! okay. Come anytime.”

Sirone, who had spoken in advance so as not to be embarrassed later, got on the elevator.

The iron door of the magic library closed before the elevator.

It's something I always feel, but it felt like I was in another dimension.

* * *

Sirone got a personal training ground with Fleur's help. Strictly speaking, it was Gaold's order.

It wasn't as wide as the underground bunker, but it was enough space to expand the spirit zone and run amok alone.

A sleeping capsule was installed in the corner, and the flooring was made of the same material as the two thousand training grounds. When the simulation device was activated, it seemed that magic could be analyzed from various angles.

Sirone sat down on the cold floor and opened the magic book of the shotgun movement.

Once he read it quickly from beginning to end, he closed the book and organized his thoughts in his head.

“Hmm, it looks like it will be easy, but it also looks like it will be difficult.”

The key is the linkage speed between passive magic and active magic. When you cast Teleport, you should immediately shoot photon output in all directions. The principle is simple, but it has value as a technology only when the connection speed is felt to be almost simultaneous.

“Shall we try it once?”

Upon entering the training ground, Sirone cast photonization magic. As his body flinched with his familiar senses, the scenery in front of him was crumpled.

Arriving 10 meters ahead, Sirone looked up at the ceiling and was lost in thought. He originally intended to cast the shotgun movement, but it didn't even trigger.

"Oh, I see."

When teleportation is triggered, the slot is empty. However, the movement speed was so fast that there was no time to cast Photon Output.

'Am I saying that battery replacement should be much faster?'

If so, Sirone also had a talent to show off. It was time-sharing.

Sirone, who took a strand in that direction, tried a shotgun movement based on time division.

As the sun went down, it slowly came to my senses. In the middle, he recovered his mental power from the sleeping device for about an hour, and developed his magic with the utmost concentration as if he were doing a last-minute spurt.

Finally, flashes of light were shot in eight directions at the same time as teleportation.

Having moved to the northern part of the Santan Movement's exhilarating route, Sirone looked back and couldn't hide his excitement.

"done! it's okay!"

“What happened?”

Sirone turned her head toward the door.

Flew stood crookedly against the wall, arms crossed. His expression was grim, and he seemed to be in a bad mood.

"uh? Senior, when did you come?”

"Just. But what did you do just a moment ago?”

“What is it? Of course it’s a shotgun movement.”

“Hmm, is it?”

Fleur moved to the training ground.

She stopped about 10 meters away from Sirone, looked around as if checking the coordinates, then turned her head again and said.

“Try again. I will rate you.”

When Fleur came out decisively, Sirone was a little worried.

However, no matter how much he thought about it, the shot movement he unfolded was exactly the same as the form written in the magic book.

"yes. So, starting with the basic root... … .”

"no. You don't have to. Take an intermediate course. Go where you want to go among the eight directions. Looking at it a little while ago, I think I can do that enough.”

It was a compliment, but oddly enough, it didn't sound like a compliment.

In any case, since she was just learning, Sirone did not feel any pressure about failure.

'Let's go to the southeast.'

While Sirone concentrated, Fleur crossed her arms and waited for the magic to be demonstrated.

'Santan movement!'

At the same time that Sirone's body was dyed in golden light, a flash of light spread like an explosion.

Arriving exactly 10 meters to the southeast, he clenched his fists.

'Success, success.'

Intoxicated with joy for a while, Sirone shuddered in surprise and moved her upper body.

Fleur, who had arrived in front of her, stretched out her arms and grabbed Sirone's shoulders.

Her eyes were half-closed, as calm as when she subdued a terrorist.

Normally, she is a troublesome older sister who nags too much, but at times like this, she was a certified 8th class wizard.

“Uh, there… … .”

“I understand now, what is your problem?”

In terms of form, the Santan movement was a success. However, Flew correctly found himself among the eight flashes.

Even that was not enough, it moved faster than the caster and even blocked the way.

“Are you saying the linkage is too slow?”

Only then did Flew let go of Sirone's shoulder.

"that's right. It's not enough to see it with your eyes, but you can feel it intuitively with the Spirit Zone. Especially for a manipulative magician like me, the delay becomes clearer.”

“But did I do my best?”

“It is not the realm of effort. Actually, your connection just a moment ago was great. I think it was replaced at a speed comparable to time-sharing… … .”

Flew thought for a moment and said with conviction.

“But that is the problem.”

Sirone's head tilted.

Time-sharing is a method of thinking in which two batteries are switched at high speed in one slot.

Thinking itself can be slow, but there is no faster replacement.

“Let me explain your mechanism a little while ago. Equip and cast teleport, strip teleport, then equip and cast photon output again.”

Flew expressed the connection of the two magics by inserting and withdrawing both fists.

It meant that there was a delay enough to be captured by Spirit Zone's synesthesia because it went through at least three stages.

However, that was the limit of what Sirone could do.

“If there is a delay even at the time-division speed, what should I do?”

“Clash it.”

"yes?"

“Clash. Don't take away the teleportation magic, hit it with the photon output magic and blow it away. And at the same time as blowing it, insert the photon output magic into the slot.”

Flew clenched his fists and thrust them forward.

When he hit his left hand with his right hand, his left hand flew away and his right hand took its place.

It was an image representation of the previous explanation.

“In this way, deprivation and installation are finished at the same time. So the mechanism would be shortened? You should be able to do that in the realm of thinking. To strike an old idea with a new one. Mages call it the 'force'.”

Flu showed the process just before. However, this time, as if to express the real feeling, the two fists were placed almost at a distance and collided quickly.

A crackling sound came out of her mouth.

“Do you understand? Skip the deprivation process and just hit and enter. If you want to work in the field someday, you need to know how to do the force. Passive-active linkage is used regardless of class.”

Sirone listened blankly. Bounce one thought into another?

Ordinary people never think in this way. But for a wizard, it was a very efficient way of thinking.

“Forthra… … . I didn't even know there was such a thing.”

"of course. This is a practical skill. They don't teach it in school.”

“Is it dangerous?”

“No, it is less stable. Crashing thoughts, it has to be slotted exactly. The part that relies on the senses is so big that it's not worth putting in the regular curriculum. Time-sharing is also a pro skill. That you, who learned by yourself, are amazing. You'll probably learn the Force soon."

At Fleur's words, Sirone regained his confidence. Although the first attempt at the shotan movement ended in failure, it was an achievement to learn new skills that cannot be learned at school.

The key was the force.

---------------------------------------