Fine-tune(1)

A huge pit of unknown depth was created at the site where the bard valve had disappeared.

Sirone, who had been observing the darkness, turned to Nane.

“Why did you come here?”

Similarly, Nane, who was deeply lost in thought, approached with a smile.

“Since I have legs too, can’t I go anywhere?”

“Don’t talk back.”

Sirone sighed softly.

“If the heart doesn’t move, the legs don’t move either. Why did you come here all of a sudden when you haven't been shaken by anything?”

“There… … There is something strange.” Nane pointed to the northern palace.

“An entity with a different cosmic constant from this world. It also means that fine-tuning has been done.”

“Fine-tuning?”

“There is a limit to the outcome of events in space. For example, if you create a world in which small balls move, it is impossible to set the ball's speed, mass, and direction to infinity.”

“Because it transcends the scope of creation.”

"Yes. Therefore, if all characteristics were converted into numbers, the limits of those numbers would be exactly the same as the limits of the settings of this world. I don’t know who is closest to that limit.”

Nane raised the index finger.

“Of course, in terms of power, there are supernova explosions and black holes, but they are slaves to the law according to the cycle of nature. Overall, Ymir is big. Free will is such an overwhelming ability.”

“Even a child can set a mountain on fire… … You mean?”

"okay. But the New Humanity is out of that shame. Physics, senses, mind, logic, everything has been fine-tuned. It won't be easy to stop.”

Sirone also realized through Bard Valve.

'If it wasn't for me, the battle would have been more difficult. it's the same for me but… …

The question is still unresolved.

“Why are you helping me? Wasn't closing this world what you wanted?”

“Things have changed. In a closed state, I would be the only right, but you opened the ceiling. In an open state, the truth here loses its absoluteness. It's not pleasant even from my point of view as a Buddha.”

Nane went to the inner sanctuary.

"let's go. There are things you should check before making a decision. It’s good to see you with your own eyes.”

the terrible truth.

w O ''

? 丁That .

When Borbor opened her eyes, she found her hands tied to the ropes in the ceiling.

Dozens of grasshopper human faces came into her field of vision as she blinked.

“Keiy. Comrade's... … enemy."

Even though he was raising his chin and nails without any special weapons, he was threatening enough.

Borbor was bitter.

'I am alive.'

If life is pain and death is fear, then what is it about dying and coming back to life?

The locust man has come.

“Don’t think that he will kill you easily.”

He looked like a leader because he was taller than other newcomers.

Guy ■ stuck out his vicious chin.

“I’ll give you a finely chopped piece. Watch the four flesh points go down our throats, lowly cattle.”

'Again… …

All deaths of mankind will be solitary deaths.

'I have to live.'

it's a lonely life

Even if you live desperately, even if you disappear right now, nothing will change, a life shoveling in the air.

'Is dying annoying, isn't living sweet? It's not a world covered with honey.'

“Bark! Try barking!” As the locust man's claws pricked his side, Borbor's eyes shot with electricity.

There was no change in facial expression.

"haha! It holds up well. Then how about this one?”

A scream erupted from Borbor's mouth as his flesh cracked and his bones were scratched.

“Aaaaa!”

The locust people burst into laughter.

"good! That sounds great!”

The leader, blushed by his comrade's laughter, drove his nails deeper.

"ruler! How about this? this… … !” The reason the leader stopped talking was because he saw Borbor's still cold eyes.

' what?'

In her pupils, the expressionless face of an insect was clearly reflected.

As the leader slowly tilted his head, Borbor's head fell at the same angle.

'No, no.'

The leader was confused.

'I think I'm copying this livestock?'

said Borbor, who cannot find his identity without borrowing the feelings of others.

“Dig my eyeballs.”

The leader couldn't tell if the voice he had just heard was hers or his own.

“Y-yes!”

At the point where Pia's boundary disappeared, he reached out his hands toward Borbor's eyes.

“I’ll dig out your eyes!”

"uh? uh'?"

The locust people were astonished.

"hey! for a moment! What are you doing?”

At the same time as he shouted, the leader of the locusts grabbed his eyeballs with his claws.

“Aaaaaa! Die, filthy cattle!”

Borbor shouted.

“Aaaaaa! Die, filthy cattle!”

The grasshopper's eyeballs exploded, and the leader staggered as he held the thick mass in both hands.

"ha! ha! You did it! I said I had my revenge!”

"crazy??????

Borbor slowly turned his head while the locust people watched blankly.

"next."

When the door opened, waiting for Sirone and Nane was a girl with a naive impression.

The eyes of the girl tearing off someone's arm were black and had small lights embedded in them.

Sirone got goosebumps.

'I don't know.'

Neither Sirone with Omega nor Nane with Akashic Records could define her.

"It's definitely unique."

Nane smiled and approached me.

“No matter how the law changes, this will not be created. You who deviate from the truth, what are you?”

Piri said while eating the flesh deliciously.

"god."

No proof was needed.

“From the moment I existed, everything is below me. So give me your arms and legs.”

The moment Piri finished speaking, a life he had never experienced before filled the room.

'It's a disaster.'

The reason why Yahweh and Buddha were able to divide philosophy is also because the closed world was right.

'It's a philosophy for humans, and it's a world defined by humans. Other beings should not be defined.'

Nane approached, spreading the sword of the sermon.

“Would you like to see your skills?”

Sirone also broke the hexa and launched the Hand of God, but Piri remained calm.

“Hmm, will you fight me?”

“Should we call it a fight? Was there a point where you and we could collide?”

"but??????

Finally, Piri, who tore off the flesh, threw away her bony arm and stood up.

“Come on.”

The corners of her mouth parted grotesquely, and at the same time, Sirone and Nane rushed forward.

'please......

With the Hand of God mounted over her shoulder, Sirone gritted her teeth and swung her arms.

'I hope there is something left.'

In the silence that transcended the roar, the city of Northern Warfare was ablaze with flashes of light.

Kururrureung! Kururrureung!

From 500 meters in the sky, As Riker and Gaitan watched the battle on the ground.

It wasn't for them to intervene.

Gaitan, who was holding on to the fainting Borbor by the wrist, spoke with a serious expression.

“You have unusual eyes.”

Asriker agreed.

"hmm. If you accept photon signals and imagine them as quantum signals, it seems to happen. You are ignoring causality.” The mountain was snipped away.

Perhaps Piri is cutting through the landscape imagining a giant pair of scissors?

“The ability to combine the subjectivity of Yahweh with the objectivity of Buddha. But even so... …

Rather, it was the flute that was being pushed.

“It is a wonderful pincer. If there was even a slight mental gap between the two of you, it would have been over. The person who understands Yahweh best is Buddha. It's ironic.”

As the magic circle was engraved in the pupils of the As-Skiker, the scenery on the ground greatly expanded.

“… … finished."

"ha! ha!"

Piri's condition was miserable.

His left eye was missing, his legs were amputated below the knee, and his right arm was grotesquely broken.

“You guys, how… …

Because she was ignoring the signals of this world, any wounds were abnormal.

“Do you know how to talk?”

99.99% of the language spoken by mankind is just the barking of animals in the ears of the flutes.

“Did you hear?”

Only Sirone and Nane, who were approaching now, were using logical language.

“Then it is an honor.”

As a huge sword was born behind Nane's back, Sirone spewed out a Miracle Stream.

The Hand of God grabbed the sword of the sermon and aimed the flute at the top of the sky.

“Oh, no.”

she couldn't admit it.

“You are cattle! You dare not harm me, the head of the new race! This is a lie!”

“Sermon.”

you say

“Heart.”

Sirone performed.

A red flash of light descending from the sky divided the world into two halves, ignoring time.

“Ouch!”

The flute's flute broke, and the severed neck rolled around along the place where the sword had been impaled.

"all… … It's a lie.”

Sirone understood her feelings of not admitting defeat even at the moment of death.

“Should I say strong? If something like this appears again, I will not be able to handle it then.”

“This is a paving stone, Sirone.”

"paving stone?"

“If it's simply to subdue you, you can create a monster beyond imagination. But that would require everything to be redesigned in the early stages of the universe. The 2nd stage filter is to annihilate you while maintaining this world. If we go one step further, then the entire human race will be annihilated.”

Perhaps because it was me, Sirone finally realized the identity of the sense of incongruity.

“What are you thinking? Why did you come to the north? You said there was something you wanted to check.”

“The world is open. So I have to find an answer to one question. Answer me, Sirone. Am I the one who swallowed Ankera's dream?”

Looking back at Sirone, Nane asked.

“Or is it Ankera who swallowed Nane’s dream?”

“What was unimportant in the confined world is now the most important. I'm going to the outside world Even there, if I was still human, a smile would come to Nane's lips.

“Maybe I too can become a god with a heart. It will remove the afflictions of sentient beings.”

" me : yes??????

Maybe in the world out there, the two want the same thing.

"but."

the smile is gone

“If I were a program, there would be no human named me. At that time, please come back. and… …

Amy.

Nane swallowed, but Sirone knew.

'I opened the outside world, but you could close the open ceiling again.'

If you kill Amy.

However, what he chose was ultimately his heart, so he was prepared for eternal extinction.

“I'd rather go. This is the world I want to protect. So I think it's fitting for me to go.”

Nane shook her head.

“Only the one who swallowed Ankera's dream can pass the filter. If you leave the photon world, humanity will perish. You can't just blow your last chance.”

"but… …

“I opened the psychic realm. It is the pain caused by me, let me put an end to it.”

“Come on, who comes first…

“Please.”

Turning around, Nane's body was covered with light, and countless swords of sermons were fired outward.

Sirone asked while hearing the sound of the sword returning to the end of the universe.

“Won’t you regret it?”

Nane, who closed her eyes, smiled softly.

'I'll do it.'

The face of the one person who could not turn it into a ball until the very end flickered in my mind.

'Lungness.'

leave with a heart

The moment Nane's eyes opened, the sword of the sermon pushed through the space as if crumpling, and was lodged in her body.

“Great!”

Light emanated from Nane's pupils and turned the whole world as white as a sheet of paper.

'Let's see. what's there.'

When the scenery regained its original color, Nane had evaporated without leaving even a sound.