[726] Face Off (3)

* * *

Labyrinth Andre.

“Heo-eok! Huh!”

Kido took a deep breath as he hid in Andre's maze-like passageway.

'Is it still far?'

It was already the 6th day since Sirone activated the Wheel of Fear.

"It's not like he's dead."

One sirone should remain here to maintain the spirit zone, but since the battle began, he has not been able to find any traces.

“That way! Go after it!”

At the voice of the Maga bandits, Kido limped on one leg and entered the depths of the labyrinth.

The number of those who had reached 40 was now reduced to 7, but it was impossible to block Andrew's entrance.

'damn! There were too many enemies!'

Objective numbers, overall fighting power, the least consolation in a situation where everything is at a disadvantage... … .

'Thanks to that, I have a lot of food.'

It was that Kido could eat human flesh.

“Suddenly, this will bite too.”

When he tore off the arm of the corpse he was holding in his hand, the muscles came out with a grunt.

Of course, the Mark thieves would also airlift food from outside Andre, but the corpses of the masters were important to Kido of Eating.

'Schema's technology, outside gravity.'

New memories flooded into my mind.

'So that's why I was able to withstand the Earthquake. It's definitely an annoying skill.'

But now Kido could also use the schema.

'Schema, I learned with human flesh.'

Even in the case of the same experience, the imagery differs according to the qualia (sensory quality), so memory alone cannot open the schema.

'Should I call it a textbook?'

However, the story is different if you combine all the memories of dozens of the best members of the maga thieves.

This is because no matter how different the views on schema are, there is always a common denominator.

“I must end here.”

Even the Maga bandits know that the final clash will decide the difference between victory and defeat.

When I went to Andre's entrance, limping, the Mark bandits were having a last supper.

It was all the crumbs of the cookies he had picked up from outside, but it would still be enough to squeeze out the last bit of strength.

“… … Are you determined?”

The vice-captain stood up with a sword while the remaining six subordinates showed their will to die.

“There will be a decision here.”

While starting with 40 and reducing to 7, Kido's skills evolved incredibly quickly.

'I don't know why, but that goblin eats the experiences of others.'

Otherwise, it could not explain why the members jumped up every time they died.

'If only I had seen through it a little earlier... … .'

It was a mistake to think that if I locked myself in the labyrinth and reduced my stamina, I would get tired of myself.

Anyway, it was in the past, and if the remaining 7 people didn't kill them with an all-out attack, the Maga bandits would be annihilated.

In Kido's ears, accepting Dongguijin's murderous intent, he heard an explosion of voices outside Andre.

'Lian.'

He is still fighting with Park Nyeo.

'It must be difficult... … .'

Unlike Kido, who was able to hide in the labyrinth, he would not have been able to sleep or eat for six days.

'Hang in there. I'll go.'

Kido, who had made up his mind, pulled out his spear, and the vice-captain approached with his sword hanging diagonally.

“Where is the wizard?”

Even the Magan bandits couldn't find Sirone.

"I don't know either. Doesn't it matter? Whether you die or I die, that is all that remains.”

"That's right."

The vice-captain's sword aimed at Kido.

“Even though you are a goblin, I salute you for driving the Maga bandits to this point.”

“Kick!”

A laugh came out of nowhere.

“That’s why I don’t like it.”

Kido, who moved sideways along the rotating window, blocked Andre's entrance in an instant.

'It's gotten stronger.'

At the same time, they rose all at once, drawing out all the skills of the seven Maga bandits.

“Say respect, or something… … !”

The incarnation of the Earth Spirit was activated around Kido, who was rolling on the floor and wielding a spear.

“Poke at the same time! Do not wish to live!”

7 people fell like lightning to Kido, who ate a scary spin, and one person's head was immediately cut off.

“Kill! Keep attacking!”

Kido, who was lying face down with his left hand on the ground, swung the spear in his right hand and flew out.

“The theory of relativity! Quantum theory!”

The center of the double-edged spear was cut off by the vice-captain's sword, which was lowered vertically.

“What about the universe, what about God!”

Kido, who held the split spear with both hands, twisted his upper body, and blood flowed along his shoulder.

“Now! Fuck it unconditionally!”

Staring at the maga thieves charging in a row, Kido grabbed the spear that split in two and shouted.

“You arrogant people!”

As Jibakryeong's incarnation skill reached its peak, an illusion of the floor rising like a wave hit them.

"damage! If you avoid this, you win!”

Kido, who floated in the air as if lying down, quickly rolled on the floor, rotating both shoulders.

“On the subject of living with both feet on the ground… … !”

Six blades flew towards Kido like a flash of light.

“Why are you only looking at the sky!”

Two spears spinning like windmills circled through the flashes.

“… … .”

Everyone stopped moving at the point where the positions of the Maga bandits and Kido were exactly reversed.

“Are you paying your respects?”

“Gagging!”

Starting with the vice-captain's chest being opened, all the members fell to the floor spouting blood.

“Losing someone dear to you.”

Kido, who was crouching down towards Andre's entrance, dropped the spear that was split in two to the floor.

“Isn’t mourning over death enough… … .”

That was the love Kido realized.

'I have to go.'

Kido, who put strength into his dropped arms, grabbed the spear again and left Andre's entrance.

The scene of the sun rising on the 6th day after the battle started was truly devastating and terrible.

'Really this... … .'

Is it a scene created by two human beings fighting with their bodies?

'Hex bullets. It's literally bombarded.'

There were no survivors left where the bodies of tourists were strewn about, and the buildings, the ground, and the ground were scorched.

'Lian, wait a minute.'

The moment Kido heard a roar from afar and limped out of Andre's entrance.

"uh?"

The blood dripping from his forehead blocked his vision and he fell to the ground unable to even bend his knees.

'Sirone.'

It was Kido who destroyed the Maga bandits single-handedly, but now his stamina was at its limit.

'Must be alive... … .'

Kido's consciousness was sucked into darkness.

* * *

Labyrinth Andre - World No. 1583.

At Sirone's suggestion to draw out all the cards, the 4 participants in White put on a dazed expression.

“Take out all the cards?”

He knew that a show of force in front of a wizard would be useless, but Marco could not obey.

“What kind of ridiculous threats are you making? In the battle of the law, weapon cards are like life.”

“I will accept the offer.”

Surprisingly, Ballard, who showed the most hostility towards Sirone, obediently took out the card from his bosom.

The job of a security guard was to convey a different point from others, and the effect was considerable.

"I-I'll accept the offer too."

When Breeze and Atria took out cards in succession, Marco gritted his teeth.

“… … If you do it this way, the end will not be good. Can we see each other and live together in White?”

“It should be decided by voting.”

Marco, who was properly countered, lowered his head as if resigned and took out all the cards he had.

“Nine in total.”

Disappointment was reflected in Sirone's expression as she examined each card that Breeze handed her.

"what's the matter? There are also S-class cards. It is valuable enough to be exchanged for any card.”

It was a card that Ballard did not want to show until the very end, and it had the face of a man shedding bloody tears.

Red flag (function).

Explanation: When you lose someone dear to you, it's hard to see.

Effect: All job stats increase by 10 times.

It was a tremendous effect even to Sirone.

'Kai… … .'

If Kai had an enemy, he would have been able to fool the enemies with the magician's special ability.

“This doesn’t make any sense.”

Sirone got to the point.

“The card I am looking for is CPR. Have you ever used it or heard of someone having it?”

"CPR? that… … .”

Breeze was lost in thought.

“Is there someone you want to save? Maybe Black?”

“He is the one who helped me. I made my mistake die. We have to get CPR somehow.”

Ballard grumbled.

“Do you know that everything is possible if you want it? If it's not shuffled in the harmony of the law, it's over. If you're not going to use it, tell me... … .”

Breeze cut Ballard off.

“There is no way at all.”

“How?”

“The first is when CPR is shuffled. If you have it on the black side, you can exchange it for red flags. 10 times the basic ability is excellent, but it is a must-have card for a job with special abilities.”

With just the magician job, he could turn ten cards into magic cards.

"The second, if it's not shuffled, is to use the wasted space I had, albeit with a low probability."

“A waste of space?”

Sirone, unable to find a particularly important card among the cards she received, turned over the nine cards one by one.

Waste of space (wasted).

Description: Sometimes some drawers are fine to leave empty.

Effect: You can get lucky slots by discarding B grade or higher cards.

“A lucky slot? What card is this?”

“It’s an effect that gives you an S-class card with a low probability. Marco has a double action, you can use it together to increase your odds.”

Double action (consumed).

Description: If your judgment is quick, you have a good chance of recovering.

Effect: Doubles the effect of B-rank or lower cards.

"If you use Double Action and Waste Space at the same time, you'll get two lucky slot cards."

"that's right. I can get up to three first aid cards, but I don't have them.”

The effect of the first aid card was to regenerate once when a consumable card was used.

“To cast Waste Space, you must discard a card of Grade B or higher. Influenza or Bronco would be suitable.”

"Then I'll do this."

Sirone took out a card and held it.

Influenza (function).

Description: Be careful. Sometimes fatal.

Effect: Decreases opponent's physical abilities by 10% when activated. 90% reduction with a 3% chance.

Special note: Limited to 1 target.

“Activate.”

The Waste of Space, Double Action, and Influenza cards simultaneously radiated light and turned into new cards.

'This is a lucky slot.'

Sirone looked at the two lucky slot cards that looked exactly like duplicates.

Lucky slot (consumed).

Explanation: Let's postpone the game for a while.

Effect: 100% chance of obtaining a B grade or higher card.

You can get an S grade card with a 1% chance.

“Activate.”

When Sirone immediately played a card, all four participants stood up at the same time to check the card.

"what? what did you get?”

It was a picture of skeletons in armor walking through mud.

Magic Return Soldier (Summoned).

Description: A defeated soldier who survived the battle in Hell. His morale is low and he is wounded, but his fighting power is formidable.

Effect: Summons 10 magic return soldiers.

Marco snorted.

“Sheesh! Then it is. It's the most useless thing in class B. It's slow paced, so it's only suitable for defense.”

Breeze asked with the last page left.

“What are you going to do? Why don’t you save it and use it when you get a first aid or card with duplication effect?”

"no it's okay. You just have to turn it until it comes out.”

Marco asked, frowning.

“What nonsense are you talking about? Only 1% chance... … .”

“Activate.”

As the last remaining lucky slot card flashed, the participants' mouths fell silent.

'Come out! come out!'

The moment the card, which had been smeared with oil, confirmed the B grade, Sirone's eyes widened.

'Poetry of fire!'

---------------------------------------