[444] The Day of the Full Moon (8)

“Kikiki! humans are funny Emotions show in your eyes.”

Garas, who had suppressed the flue, pulled out his tongue.

The human in front of him was the best prey for the guy who had all the breeding objects taken away by his brothers because he was born late.

As Garras said, Flew's eyes were locked in fear. But it wasn't fear of something terrible to come.

In fact, I was vaguely guessing.

Persistent headaches and thoughts that are not clear but seem to be disconnected somewhere.

I was sure that maybe, no, even if it was my own body, I would have made that kind of judgment.

Death is a very personal thing. The fear of extinction comes equally to both the main body and the clone.

So, the reason Flew could smile dryly in the face of death was the satisfaction of fulfilling his duty as a single wizard.

“Eat this.”

Garas didn't know what it meant when a human raised his middle finger.

In that brief moment of thought, Flew's eyes slowly closed.

'Sirone, be sure to become a great wizard.'

Perhaps, the documents Sirone had seen had evidence that he was a clone.

'Thank you for saying that.'

He said he would come to rescue me.

I was happy until the end that I was recognized as a flue, not a cloned creature.

A clone's lifespan is only one week.

It was a wonderful life though.

Flew's hand fell helplessly to the floor, and only then did Garas realize that the creature underneath had become an object.

Reproduction is, after all, the desire to preserve the species. I didn't feel any interest in beings that couldn't give birth to a second generation.

However, it was unbearably annoyed at the emotional drop that the excitement that was at the peak of falling to the bottom of the surface.

“Kuaaaaa!”

Grasping Fleur by the neck and throwing it against the wall, Garas raised his upper body and let out a roaring roar.

Biology! We need creatures!

His sense of smell, which showed extreme evolution in matters related to reproduction, detected another creature in the distance.

“Don’t miss this time!”

The afterimage of Garas, chasing the smell of creatures, stretched along the corridor like a black wind.

* * *

Reisis struggled with all her might.

However, as the muscle fibers were properly disassembled into the plasma, the limbs were moving only in directions unrelated to the will.

'no! I have to get it back!'

Currently trapped in glass sphere #1, Sirone is a Type B equipped with the Ultima System.

In addition, the main type has been set, so if Ilhwa's sake continues as it is, all organic substances will be combined around Sirone.

'How the hell did he survive?'

Even seeing the flue with my own eyes, I couldn't believe the situation.

Are you able to get out of the glass sphere, why did the situation turn out this way, and whether the woman in front of you really has the flu?

I thought I had to think, but only a few questions fell into the swamp of the loop that kept spinning around.

Flu, having modified the Fuzix Machine, slowly turned around. Almost at the same time, the plasma filled up to the end and covered Lasys.

Let's approach the glass ball with a calm gait! Chuck! And Leisis's palm was stamped on the inside.

Reisis pressed her face. His eyelids had disappeared and he had a look of surprise, and unanswered questions still lingered in his eyes.

Fleur held up the ring finger of her right hand. Originally, the place where Kubrick should have been worn was much lighter than other skin colors.

'Then what about the body? But since when... … .'

The point at which Fleur pulled out Kubrick was a week ago, when he spyed on the underground laboratory while Sirone was gone.

Looking at the clone containment room, she intuitively sensed what Reisis had in mind for accepting Sirone into the headquarters.

In order to mass-produce Syrone's clones, he uses a flu that has the same world's genes.

In addition, with the addition of Garras traits, it was possible to rapidly grow clones to adults.

After examining the Fusex Machine, the memory transfer device, and the traits of various living things, she came up with an idea.

Transfers the main body's memories to the clones trapped in the containment room.

Cutting out only the last memory, handing over the drone and Kubrick to the clone, and then entering the containment room and waiting for a chance to counterattack was physically and psychologically hard work, but the effect was powerful.

The most perfect way to defeat an opponent is to insert a knife from behind.

It was a tactic that used the psychological blindness of all members of the headquarters, as the assassin said, saying that a blind man can kill even a god.

'No way, he was hiding in the containment room?'

Reisis looked at Fleur with a blank expression.

How come I never doubted it?

A Kubrick that was always worn during the physical examination. The thought that even interpretation is impossible without a drone was buried in the unconscious, and there was no room to accept the new situation.

“Stop making a less distant expression and disappear, you demon.”

Resis, submerged in liquid, couldn't hear Flew properly. However, emotions welled up in him that were far more powerful than he had heard.

'How dare you... … !'

Reisis gritted her teeth. The teeth, which were as soft as rubber, were crushed in an instant.

“Even if I do, nothing will change! It's all just coming together anyway! I'm going to have perfect beauty! I won!”

Leaving behind the cries of the drowned Resis, Fleur ran to the number 1 glass ball containing Sirone and knocked on the wall.

“Sirone, wake up! Sirone!”

When I arrived here after escaping the containment room, Ilhwa's drinking had already progressed considerably.

The first thing I thought was to cancel it, but that was too emotional.

If you cancel, if Sirone is in a state where more than half of the Plasma has been disassembled, there is nothing to be gained.

I'd rather proceed like this, but change the main type to sirone. Then, even if it becomes a monster, the project can continue.

Sirone will also understand.

because it's magic

“Sirone! Sirone!”

But in my heart, I was earnestly praying for Sirone to wake up right now and do something.

The moment Fleur's voice was transmitted through the liquid medium, Sirone's stopped heart flinched.

Unlike Resis, whose 70% melted, Sirone's body, protected by Armand, was still intact.

Armand, who was united with Sirone through the Ultima System, tried a last resort with the basic nature of life.

When the impact was so strong that her heart burst, Sirone's body bounced violently in the water.

The shock went in again, and the moment my heart was pressed again, my pupils opened wide and air leaked out of my mouth.

“Ouch! Gagging!”

With the shock of coming out of the dead state, Sirone wielded her limbs and struggled.

A dull impact sound came from the glass wall and I could hear Fleur's voice faintly.

'Seniors?'

she is alive When she got to that one fact, she quickly regained her sanity.

It was a speed of mental recovery that would have been impossible if he had not experienced the second stage of the survival test.

'Cold. In the coldest state of mind.'

Finally, I felt Armand melt away. If so, it means that he was trapped in a glass ball, and if it continues like this, he will be absorbed by Reisis.

'By casting light width... … ?'

The moment he broke the glass sphere and tried to escape, the memories immediately before death were connected, and he hastily reversed his judgment.

Racesis is an unheard of square mara.

If he escaped now, having already lost one battle, he would only become prey for the more strengthened Raysis.

Although the process was different, Sirone, who reached the same conclusion as Flew, took the Spirit Zone and strengthened Armand instead.

'Let's hold on. I'm going to hold on!'

I don't know what kind of spirit will be the subject when the anecdote is over, but if it's Armand equipped with the Ultima system, it's worth betting against the square Mara.

Armand's organic matter was regenerated to the limit, protecting Sirone's body from Plasma.

And finally, after holding out for a minute, the plasma began to escape through the bottom of the glass sphere.

“Big!”

Sirone broke his shell and pulled Armand down as if he was metamorphosed, and rose to the surface.

His life was saved, but the outcome was unpredictable.

If Armand loses the initiative to Raysis, what will be created in the central glass coffin will not be the demonic sword, but the devil himself.

Woo woo woo!

The sound of burning air caused Reis to open her eyes. Everything was clear to him in his liquid state.

The oscillating fluidity, electrical stimulation that triggers life, Ikasa's Valhalla action, Jinmaisikjong Galtomic's magical power, and Ringer's hard armor, everything was integrated and rushed at once.

everything in the world is one.

Didn't everything beautiful and ugly originally start from one thing?

As blue light descended from far away and colored the whole world in silver, Raysis smiled happily.

In the reflected light, her image before meeting Satan was reflected.

Pure white skin, slightly more developed breasts than others, firm thighs... … .

'Whoops. But the feet are still ugly.'

Lacey shed tears.

It was the most beautiful figure in the world that I so desperately wanted and wanted.

'now… … it's okay.'

A blue light burned like a flash and everything returned to one.

“Cool! Cool!”

With Fleur's help, Sirone escaped from the glass sphere and vomited up all the cloudy liquid.

The pain was excruciating as if the stomach had melted.

“Sirone, are you okay?”

"no. It hurts so much. But how did you... … ?”

At that time, the glass tube in the center flashed and the drinking of Ilhwa ended.

The glass tube rattled open as Sirone and Fleur looked at it nervously, who had stopped talking.

Armand, shining in all natural colors, was showing off his figure.

“Success, success.”

It was clear that Armand's Ultima system worked as the main type and incorporated other traits.

Without time to rejoice, Sirone walked away. I was in a situation where I had to activate the Geumgang Armed Forces as soon as possible because my stomach was damaged.

Aaaaaang!

The laboratory door was smashed and all kinds of glass rushed in. Since there were no more breeding subjects left in the underground laboratory, it was natural for everyone to flow here.

“Kyik! Key profit!”

Hundreds of galas, engulfed in frustration, were excited at the peak of their lives.

At the same time that Sirone captured Armand, Fleur activated the phoenix.

Even without the Phoenix, the power of the Phoenix Pavilion was great, but the flaming Garas rushed at it, even risking death.

“Kikiki! found."

Flew, who had been fighting against Garras with all his might, turned his gaze to the door.

All the Garras stopped attacking and opened the way for the one Garras that had just arrived.

As Flew's upper body was tilted by the Dawkins Algorithm, a tremendous load was transferred.

All I could see was a dark afterimage passing in front of my eyes. In terms of her speed alone, he was supposed to outperform her.

“Kikiki! It's fun too!”

The excitement that subsided when he saw a human with the same shape as the human who had died with his middle finger raised a moment ago surged more than before and activated his cells.

Evolution, which had been progressing in real time, finally reached the final evolution by transcending the gap of the missing link.

The curved spine straightened out, and the face also became close to human, resembling that of a bald man.

Feeling the air around her shimmer, Flew put on her air shield, causing the air to expand like an explosion and push her away.

'Kuu! Spirit Force... … !'

Justice affinity unique to Norse people. Although Garasu was born of a bald man, his power was far greater than that.

"You'd better have your limbs torn off!"

As Garas turned into a black afterimage and charged forward, Fleur bit his molars and braced himself for the impact.

It could have been avoided with the Dawkins algorithm, but breaking the spine was something to be prepared for.

“Quaaaaagh!”

At that moment, Garas stopped. Flew hurriedly looked behind him as he raised his torso, his shoulders completely narrowed, as if he were tied to his rope, and groaned.

Sirone, who had activated the Diamond Armed Forces, was glaring at Karas with fearsome eyes.

“Antithesis?”

It was a completely different form of Geumgang Armament from what she had known so far.

---------------------------------------