[524] New Covenant (3)

“Sirone. Of course you know.”

Miro felt rather creepy from Uorin's friendly gaze that passed by for a moment.

From a biological point of view, a mother's benevolence is expressed because she thinks the child is hers.

Uorin's expression could be said to be the pinnacle of possessive desire that transcended desire.

Uorin skillfully hid her emotions behind her words.

“The fact that you are incapacitated.”

The information brought by Cage Team B is already flowing in little by little to various parts of the world in the name of spying.

And the first place to encounter the intelligence was the temple.

Miro slapped Sirone on the forehead.

“As you can see, he is unconscious. That the taste is completely gone. I was wondering if you could wake up Sirone.”

Uorin crossed her legs reluctantly.

“Why should I? The role of Sirone is over when Mirone returns. It's not a greeting that's so important that you have to go through the trouble of returning it.”

Miro raised an eyebrow.

“Why are you like this, players? Shirone's role is over, but """ still exists, doesn't it? Sirone's ability, you will need it?”

“There is a difference between needing and helping. I can take a sirone whenever I want.”

“Is it really so? No matter how hard you are, Armand's chastity belt can't be easily removed. This will never work out.”

Armand will not be released from Sirone until the price of the Valhalla action is fully paid.

After Miro's confident response, Uorin finally decided that there was room for negotiation and broke her stubbornness.

"good. what's the problem? If it doesn't matter, I'll stop. No matter what time it is, I just need to occupy Sirone.”

“Questions are resolved as the Queen likes, and Sirone is currently paying the price for the Valhalla action.”

“Valhalla action?”

Based on the information she heard from Gaold and others, Miro reported the situation Sirone was in.

It was fortunate that Flew knew the details of the Valhalla action mechanism.

After hearing the story, Uorin nodded.

“Surely, it deserves courage. It is the power of an angel. So Sirone can use both abilities?"

“The Valhalla action is installed on Armand. It won't matter since you're integrated with Sirone anyway, but it's probably different for you.”

The reason why he gave Armand as a gift to Sirone was not only to clear the debt, but also to develop his skills even a little and inherit the ability all at once.

That's why it was unfortunate that the angel's ability, which is listed as the highest level in Valkyrie, was attached to a mere weapon.

Uorin, who had put aside her regrets, asked.

“So, what exactly is the price to pay?”

Arius said.

“I did a dive and researched it, and it seems to be about 127 years old.”

“It far exceeds the average human lifespan.”

Since Sirone is now 19 years old, it was said that she could only wake up when she was 146 years old.

"that's right. By then, everything will be over. But Ikael said that was the hint to get Sirone back.”

Having said that, Miro looked at Urin's reaction.

If she was thinking the same as he was, she was sure to think of something.

“Hmm, that’s right.”

Uorin tilted her upper body and spread out three fingers.

“I think there are three ways to get Sirone back.”

“Hoo?”

It was a higher number than expected.

“The fact that the Valhalla action has been triggered means that the law of causation has been established. But Sirone paid far more than the payment limit. That's the point.”

Arius intervened.

“Payment is impossible, but it means payment has been made.”

"okay. It can be inferred because it is not something that can happen normally. In my opinion, Valhalla Action seems to have secured something from Sirone in the calculation of causality.”

“Collateral?”

“When I heard the description of Valhalla Action, the first thought that came to my mind was 'unfair'. Of course, it must have been a conclusion drawn by feeding the uncertainty of the future with interest, but even so, it makes no sense to lend out the results of 127 years without collateral. So, in my opinion, it is not a matter of longevity.”

Arius said.

“It’s about time.”

"okay. It is impossible to extend the lifespan of a human being. But when it comes to time, the story is different. like… … .”

Uorin pointed to the maze.

“Like you.”

Miro pursed his lips and asked.

“20 years ago, exactly 19 years. You haven't aged a bit since then. Why?”

"well? Am I too young?”

I said it like a joke, but my heart was different.

Uorin pointed out a possibility that had been floating around in her head ever since she heard Ikael's hint.

“Of course, seekers like you might be able to sufficiently slow down biological activity through mental training. But for 20 years on the dimensional wall, you haven't eaten or slept. How is that possible?”

Because I knew the answer would be that.

But the problem was, no one in the world knew how he came to know it.

“Maclein Guffin.”

Wu Lin said.

“Miro, the dimensional wall existed even before you. And that blocked Heaven's forces. After that, Guffin disappeared and you were dropped. You are the successor to Guffin. It's just that you can't remember it because it's been erased, but you must have met Guffin.”

Miro's gaze shifted to Sirone.

"And what that Guffin passed on to me is also passed on to Sirone?"

Uorin raised her head and recalled.

“As I entered the third reset, the Great Purification, I had a question. Why did Ikael teach Ataraxia to Sirone? Also, why did Sirone's incarnation from heaven have angel wings? And finally… … .”

Uorin glared at Arius.

"Why was Sirone's mother's mind equipped with the Guffin's security device?"

“How to… … .”

Arius was the only one who entered the depths of Sirone.

Also, he has never revealed this to anyone except Miro, whom he follows.

Miro said with a soft frown.

“I figured it out after the reset.”

"okay. Living through the great purification period, I will meet Arius and Kazura again. Arius, who failed to steal Ataraxia, was chased by a walker and escaped with apoptosis. Secretly extracted information at the time. remember? The sleep magic you used to put Sirone to sleep.”

Masters of sleep magic can cut a target's consciousness like a knife and connect memories without even realizing they are asleep.

Recalling that time, Arius swallowed his silence, as if he could guess something.

If he had even observed the scene where he installed the door to Sirone, it would be safe to say that there was nothing she didn't know.

Miro glared at Uorin with mischievous eyes.

'This is annoying, Theraze.'

Sirone and Miro were very few cases throughout the world that were connected to the name of the Guffin.

But the problem is that Uorin will be the same.

'I'm sure I know.'

There is no way that Theraje, who has experienced human history three times, does not have a sense of déjà vu about guffins.

He may be the only person among humans who can remember the appearance of a guffin.

but.

'I will never tell you.'

It is a secret that only Theraze knows.

Until he opened his mouth, he would not be able to dig out the truth in any way.

Miro gave up and turned his attention to Sirone's problem.

“Editorial is over, tell me first. Three ways to get Sirone back.”

“The first method is very simple and easy.”

Uorin raised a finger and said.

“Kill Sirone.”

“Hmm.”

Miro nodded his head in agreement.

“If you're sure you have collateral, killing Sirone is the easiest solution. If that happens, anything will happen. If you're lucky, you might die and come back to life.”

Miro, who had been resting his chin on it, raised his head in surprise.

“Is there such a case?”

“About three times in all of human history.”

“Extremely thin.”

“But it is the simplest way. Even if you die, it doesn't really matter, right? It's a pity for me too, but I don't have much regret when I weigh it against the effort of waking it up again.”

“It doesn’t.”

It has the advantage of being able to see the solution most quickly, so killing Sirone and waiting for the results was also a good way.

“Shall we listen to the second one? It's never too late to make a judgment then."

“The second way is to make Sirone pay his debts himself. This has to do with collateral.”

"indeed. But how do you make a choice under a moratorium?”

“We will have to prepare a separate method for that. But if you can use the second method, the third method is better.”

“What about the third?”

“Have someone else pay the debt for you.”

“Oh my… … .”

“The cause and effect of the Valhalla action is definitely Sirone's. However, the collateral linking that cause and effect is not Sirone's. So, the collateral... … .”

Both women said at the same time.

“It can be transferred to someone.”

Uorin leaned on her chin and looked back at the wall.

“Eating out of the rules. object. Maybe you need both. Ability to circumvent the moratorium. The ability to extract and transfer magic. If you have these two functions, you might be able to wake Sirone.”

Miro, thinking of someone, pouted her lips.

“Um… … It is outside the rules.”

“You seem to have a guess.”

“Well, can’t you just look out for me?”

“I will cooperate, but I refuse to lean on you. Besides, the maze of the Adrias family wouldn't be too far away, right?”

When Uorin questioned dubiously, Miro realized that she had already figured everything out and licked her lips.

“You’re so mean.”

“Extract the collateral. I’ll find someone to hand it over to.”

“It’s 127 years. Can you clear it up?”

“If about 10 archmages divide it, we should be able to pay it back within a year. If that doesn’t work, we can hire 20 people.”

Miro laughed.

“Anyway, sincerity? Sometimes killing is the simplest way.”

“It is still the same. Hiring 20 archmages is okay, but it's like throwing away their abilities. No matter how much I covet Sirone, I don't think Sirone has that much value.”

"okay? But why?”

Uorin shrugged as if it didn't matter.

“You are cute. I like this style.”

Miro's eyes curved in a pretentious manner.

'liar.'

She guessed why Uorin chose the third method over the easy one.

To find out what collateral Sirone has.

If the collateral was related to the Guffin, it would be cheap even with 20 archmages.

'This is an unfinished treasure chest.'

Miro, who had organized his thoughts up to that point, stood up.

Then, Arius hurriedly wrapped Sirone in a black cloth and placed her on his back.

It was a busy time, so I couldn't afford to delay.

"Then I'll take care of the extraction. Prepare for the sheep.”

“Call me if you need anything. As long as it's a contract, I'll help you with anything.”

"Yes. I will.”

Miro happily waved his hand and left the room, followed by Arius carrying Sirone.

Outside the door, the leader of Fengzhang looked around the room for a while, checked on the master's safety, and carefully closed the door.

At the same time, Uorin's smiling face turned cold in an instant.

“Because the more debts you get rid of, the better.”

---------------------------------------