[318] 1/3 (4)

"Sorry. But too broken. I know it's bad for me, who passed, to tell you this, but... … .”

"are you okay. I would have felt the same way too. It's not just this exam. I'm really sorry. And I don’t think I can go to the party.”

It was a tradition of the school to hold a graduation party after the graduation exam was over. Anyone can attend, but there has never been a dropout. It is because there is no need to make the feeling of the successful applicants heavy by revealing their appearance.

“What is the use of such a party now? I'm not going either!”

Amy looked at Seriel with loving eyes. Although she herself was eliminated early, she was proud of her friend who fought to the end despite the turbulent flow and achieved her dream.

“Promise me, Seriel. I'm going to the party. If you can't enjoy this moment, I won't be happy even if I pass next year. I don't want to take away the once-in-a-lifetime pleasure. Smile confidently for me.”

Seriel pursed her lips and nodded.

It was the most important thing for Amy who had to fight for another year. A little bit of self-doubt could be conceded for her friend.

"okay. I won't think about anything. I'm really going to play until I die and enjoy passing. So you must pass.”

“Okay, that's it. Thanks, Seriel."

The teacher shouted from the other side of the darkness.

“Gather all successful candidates now! There will be a briefing session! hurry! There is no time!"

It will be after the sun rises tomorrow morning that the acceptance will be felt as a reality. Besides, late at night, the graduation party would be busy, so there was no time to dispose of the briefing session as now.

“Come on. See you at graduation.”

"okay. You go in and get some rest.”

Before leaving, Seriel looked back at Sirone.

He knew Amy was consciously avoiding eye contact with Sirone. That's why it was Sirone who could take care of her until the end.

Sirone nodded as if not to worry. Only then did Seriel, relieved, say hello to Amy's parents and run to the place where the successful applicants gathered.

Amy looked at her friend's distant figure with satisfaction, then let out a deep breath.

“Ugh, I’m tired. Now mom and dad go too quickly.”

"Is that okay? Would you like to go out instead? Mom will tell the school.”

“Ugh, that’s okay. I'm not the only one who got eliminated, why are you making such a fuss? It's vacation soon anyway, so you can watch it at home.”

Shakora said, understanding her daughter's feelings.

“Then we won’t go back. I will send a carriage on graduation day, so take a good rest today.”

"okay. Dad goes in carefully.”

Isis turned first. He could no longer hold back the tears he had been holding back.

Shakora, who was following his wife, turned to Sirone.

“Sirone.”

"yes. Don't worry, go in.”

Shakora thanked her with her eyes and walked away. In this situation, her parents' comfort won't help at all. It was fortunate that Sirone was by her side.

Left alone with Amy, Sirone didn't say anything. He will answer you if you ask him anything. But if he was silent, he intended to keep that silence.

"iced coffee! I'm going crazy! You fell off again!”

"shit! No luck! How many alternative graduation exams do you take!”

A silhouette with a bad gait emerged from the Colosseum. Sirone could tell that it was Fermi's group just by hearing her voice.

Finding Amy, Fermi turned and approached. Even though he had failed the exam seven times in total, there was no sign of disappointment.

“Oh, it’s so awkward seeing the dropouts meet again. Don't be too heartbroken, little girl. What is life like? Same for me. how is it? Join us today... … .”

Sirone moved aside to block Fermi's way. When the cold eyes reached him, Fermi scratched his head and trembled.

“You have a face I want to hit. But look at me today. I'm dying because of that little girl. It's always like this when the top ranks fight in the beginning. My life has been messed up too.”

Fermi set up a barrier in advance and watched Sirone's reaction. However, no words came out of Sirone's mouth.

Then Fermi turned to Amy again.

"haha! Anyway, Amy, what should I do... … .”

Sirone interrupted Fermi again.

This time, even Fermi did not stand still. It was only for a moment, but her eyes grew cold and she looked down at Sirone with high pressure.

Sirone calmly let go of even those eyes. No matter what she says, she will only hurt Amy. I hoped he wouldn't come close to Amy.

“A lover is a good thing. yeah what... … I want you two to have a good time.”

Fermi turned and walked away without regret. Joining the group, he shrugged his shoulders and shouted as if the world was about to leave.

"let's go! Let's have a drink, you pitiful lives!”

“Puhahaha! okay! Let’s drink to death today!”

Sirone looked back at Amy. He turned his body and looked into the distance, as if he hadn't been interested in the first place.

“Let’s go, Amy. I will look forward to it.”

“… … huh."

A heavy silence fell between the two of them as they headed to the senior dormitory.

Amy, who had been walking while staring at the ground, looked back at Sirone with a frown.

“Whoa, I really can’t eat it. hey!"

"huh?"

“Why are you so downhearted? So it's getting weird to me too. If you have something to say, say it, what are you so dissatisfied with?”

“But I have nothing to say.”

"That's right. I just failed the graduation exam. It's not that I've fallen from the world, and even if I've fallen, it doesn't mean my life is over. But why are you holding the mood like that?”

When Amy said that, Sirone gained courage too.

"haha! It doesn't. Anyway, did I get another chance?”

“Hey, you better think thanks. I will never make a mistake like this in the future.”

“One mistake is the foundation for progress, two mistakes is a family shame?”

"of course. And tell it to your stupid friends. Next year's graduating class will be incredibly bloody. You have to kill your spirit from the very beginning.”

Sirone heard Amy's words like this. Please tell me I'm sorry to disappoint you.

But she won't have anything to worry about. Nade and Iruki were sure that Amy would make a comeback.

The two returned to their usual selves and talked about this and that until they arrived at the dormitory. Even though I failed the exam, I felt relieved that the tension accumulated over the year had disappeared.

“Ah, I am tired. I need to go quickly and wash up and go to bed.”

“Okay, don’t think about anything today and rest.”

"huh. see you tomorrow too Thank you for looking forward to it.”

After saying goodbye to Sirone with a tired face, Amy entered the dormitory. The air in the hallway was quite different from morning. I even felt a chill somewhere.

As soon as Amy entered the room and closed the door, she let out a sigh. No matter how tired she was, she had to wash because she was sweating profusely.

However, her steps toward the shower room eventually stopped. Transparent tears flowed from her eyes.

“Black! Whoa... … !”

I was upset.

I was so angry that I was about to die.

why me? Only one-third pass, but 10 people I studied with have become wizards now, so why am I not the only one?

I was in the best condition, but why am I still at school? Why do I have to go through this hellish year again?

Amy collapsed on the bed, clutching at the blanket. She couldn't stop her face from turning into a tear.

“Ahhh… … Aaaaaang!”

Sirone removed her hand from the doorknob and leaned her back against the wall. It seemed that she would no longer be able to meet her today.

“Ahh… … Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa... … .”

Amy's cries were suffocating.

“… … .”

However, Sirone just stood there for a long time, looking up at the ceiling with deep eyes.

* * *

Even after the lights-out time had passed, the lights in Alpheas's outbuilding were still on. Angry Olivia's voice leaked out the window.

“Does this make sense? How did you manage the students?”

Olivia, who supervised the Alpheas Magic School's graduation exam for the first time, was shocked. And as soon as the exams were over, she sifted through the archives of her students' profiles.

“These kids here!”

Olivia shook the personal statement and threw it on the table with Alpheas.

The sticky paper spread left and right, revealing the names of several students.

It was the Fermi gang.

Alpheas looked at the profile for a moment, then opened his mouth as if he was not interested.

"calm down. The test is already over. It cannot be reversed, and there is no reason to reverse it.”

“Why is there no reason? Did the participants collude?”

“Collectiveness is also part of the tactic. Situational judgment is also an important factor in battle.”

“Who doesn't know that? The problem is that it is a collusion separate from the tactical flow. They said they had already split sides before taking the exam. why the hell What do you gain from doing that?”

Alpheas couldn't answer that either. It had happened every year since Fermi entered his senior year.

Dropping a specific target in the battle royale method is not particularly advantageous. What is strangest of all is that in the end even they drop out.

“Graduation exams are not just a school problem. It is a test to obtain a national qualification. It's also a tactical flow. It is not possible to change the criteria for acceptance based solely on the individual teacher’s judgment.”

Olivia snorted.

“Do you think my eyes are rotten eyes? Fermi didn't show half of his skills in this test. He's already more than a pro. Does it make sense that a kid who could graduate right away even if she was brought to the Royal School of Witchcraft and Wizardry hasn’t been accepted for six years?”

“What then? Should we just graduate Fermi? Then why on earth do we need a graduation exam? That way will only cause a backlash from the students taking part in the exam.”

Olivia walked around the room in frustration and sat down on the sofa.

“I don’t understand. Why the hell aren't you graduating? What's good about staying at school?"

“I have asked you before. They said that this place makes money.”

Olivia's upper body jumped up.

“That’s a diploma broker, right? If you get paid and let them graduate, it won't end with school-level discipline. You are committing a crime against the state.”

“I did a background check, but there was nothing. I didn't get a dime.”

Olivia rested her chin and thought.

If there was no record of being lobbied, he would be innocent, but if you think about it based on your feelings, it also meant that there was something else.

“Fermi is… … Are you a regular eater?”

Alpheas nodded.

"maybe. I don't know how they make money, but if it's eating out, I can't dig it up. Unless Fermi casts it. But I haven't seen one in all seven graduation exams.”

“Then shouldn’t we start there? It's the same whether you get money or use magic to get paid. I'm saying this because no one is there, but to be honest, Sanuel's movements weren't good today. But he passed. Originally, Amy should have been there.”

“I had a similar thought. But since no one is there, that's all I can say. Impossible without hard evidence. What if the investigation was initiated, but not? Is there any aristocrat who can stand still when his son is accused of being a criminal?”

Olivia leaned back on the sofa and cooled her hot head with the palm of her hand.

“So what are you going to do? Do you have any ideas?”

"doesn't exist. Like every year, the graduation exam was taken, and those who pass will become wizards. Whether there is a lobby or not, that doesn't change.”

“But I can’t say I measured my skills accurately.”

“Is it really so?”

Olivia raised one eyebrow.

"What are you talking about?"

---------------------------------------