[213] 5. Angel's magic formula (3)

“I will trust you. There will be no anxiety whatsoever.”

Ikael smiled. It was fortunate that Sirone was a quick-witted boy.

“Exactly. Then we will begin now.”

Ikael closed his eyes and cast possession.

As her asteroid burrowed into Sirone's head, Sirone opened her eyes wide.

A flash of light emanated from her pupils, and she felt a strange feeling of merging two minds.

-Sirone, how are you feeling?

- Huh, huh? this… … .

Sirone, who experienced possession for the first time, was embarrassed.

He couldn't tell whether the thoughts that came to his mind were his or Ikael's.

It felt like I was playing two people by myself, like a crazy person.

- Don't get confused. I am Sirone, and Sirone is me. You just have to come up with an idea.

I know how it is, but even the thought that came to my mind now gave me goosebumps because it was like my own delusion.

Should I have remembered that word? I thought I could do anything else if I thought about it.

- Do not doubt! When you begin to doubt, everything that makes up Sirone collapses. Possession is a sensitive technique. just accept it

Sirone decided to just believe. He concluded that the thoughts in his head were true, even if they were only delusions of his own.

As I calmed down, my heartbeat returned to normal.

There was an happening, but it was the point at which the magic circle of angels hadn't even started yet.

Ikael decided to overcome the first obstacle.

-From now on, I'm going to make a asterism. Get your mind out there.

Sirone changed Spirit Zone into a breakaway type.

The halo of an angel is above the top of the head, but Sirone took out the spirit zone from the front.

It was because it was the most familiar direction for humans.

- Can I do this?

- Yes. no, good job No matter what you do, Sirone's decision is important. You have to figure out the most efficient way for yourself. From now on, we will make a halo that will serve as the frame for the magic circle. It draws a perfect circle with light.

Sirone waited without thinking. Then no voice came to mind.

- There... … do it now?

- Yes. Do it now.

Sirone, who thought he would give advice, was embarrassed. However, he thought that there must be a reason for it, and he expanded the light into a ring shape.

A halo with a diameter of 1 meter was born in front of Sirone.

At first sight, it was pretty cool.

It was a neat circle and the brightness was just right. It seemed like this would be comparable to an angel's halo.

- It's not enough. With such a distorted circle, it is impossible to calculate a huge amount of information.

As expected, Ikael's point was heard. If you go into a unit that the human eye can't discern, it looks like a mess.

couldn't find a way A perfect circle is just a concept. How to implement something that does not exist anywhere in the world?

- A perfect circle?

Sirone suddenly realized. There was one thing, the only perfect circle in the world.

-That's right, Sirone. It's an immortal function. That is why the Nephilim are called descendants of angels.

Open the immortal function to expand the spirit to the end. It was the only perfect circle.

Because the whole is always perfect.

- But if that happens... … .

The existence of the country disappears. Haven't you already experienced the labyrinth of time and space?

- The immortal function must be enabled 100%. And then grab it again and materialize it into a form. I'll take control, but I'm sure it's dangerous. can you do it

You must come back from the realm of infinity. This was the first step needed to master the powers of an archangel.

- I'll try. Having done it once, the second time should be easy.

In fact, I had no idea that it would be easy. But if I didn't say anything stupid, I felt like I would go crazy with the tension.

Sirone opened the immortal function.

It was a release without brakes or hesitation. As the mind disintegrated, it spread infinitely.

Sirone's spirit became the Akashic Records. However, since it was already perfect in itself, no information could be obtained.

- Sirone! Sirone! Hear my voice! You must not let yourself go! Engrave the feeling of the moment in your heart! I'm going to pull it with a gold steel fire!

Sirone pulled the spirit that had been dismantled in the smallest unit into the frame of the diamond.

A huge ring of light rushed into Sirone's head, sweeping away everything.

A chilling sound, as if glass were being cut, exploded. Then, in front of Sirone's eyes, a perfect halo without an inch of error was born.

The speed of light rotating using the halo as a rail was literally the speed of light. Although he came out as a breakaway type, the spirit zone is definitely the spirit of a wizard. With that kind of thing running in my mind, my thinking was paralyzed. 

In a word, Sirone realized the concept of an immortal function in the real world.

Ikael's voice sharpened.

- Sirone! From now on, Syrone's halo will be engraved with the archangel's unique battery! You must not let go of the Golden Buddha. You have to endure to live!

A red flash came out from the front and crashed into the center of the halo.

As the red ripples spread, the simplest arithmetic magic circle that distinguishes the difference between 1 and 0 was born.

From there, the ceremony gradually began to become more complex.

The colors of unknown origin collided with the halo like a shower of flashes and engraved a magic circle.

Numerous magic circles interlocked and rotated like gears.

The appearance of the magic circle rotating in different sizes, at different speeds, and in different directions reminded me of a watch engine.

Sirone's head was on the verge of exploding.

The first cog turned a few cogs, which in turn turned hundreds of cogs.

The size of the operation was getting bigger and bigger.

Sirone gave up counting at some point.

I couldn't understand the meaning behind the halo.

How do you know what concept the 170,000 arithmetic circuits and 4,800 magic circles are trying to reveal?

“Aww!”

Coffee dripped. I gritted my teeth and endured, but the 100 million lines of formula were endlessly rolling up. Calculating this was beyond human limits.

- Sirone! Don't try to understand! I understand! Accept it through the circuit of insight!

Sirone realized Ikael's intentions.

No need to do calculations. It was to simplify a complicated concept into truth and imprint it on Sirone's brain.

When the number of magic circles engraved on the halo exceeded 40,000, Sirone was able to experience the realm of the gods.

It was none other than the light calculation speed.

Even so, the fact that it took a long time meant that the concept contained in the halo exceeded human capacity.

I still don't know what it was, but it was certain that it was huge beyond imagination.

- I can't. Now no more... … .

Gold started to crack.

It was only natural that humans were forcibly accepting the battery contained in the existence of a higher dimension.

It was the third difficulty Ikael spoke of.

-You're almost there, Sirone! If you hold out a little longer... … ! 

The aftermath of Sirone began to affect Ikael.

As the calculation progress exceeded 90%, the magic circle automatically moved towards the end.

Sirone's mind was oversaturated. It was as if someone had planted a bomb in his head that had gone off.

I could feel the countless cracks going through the Diamond Buddha. mind is breaking That meant going crazy.

In fact, Sirone's heart was heading for serious ruin.

Ikael looked at him sadly. Even if the magic circle is completed, it will not be able to endure in the end. When the amount of information reaches 100%, the diamond will explode.

At that moment, a special change occurred in Sirone's mind.

The Vajra Buddha was breaking into countless pieces beyond the cracks. If this is the current spirit of Sirone... … .

Even Ikael got goosebumps at the thought of that.

However, the results were different from what was expected.

Even though the durability of the Vajra Buddha converged to 0, the form of his spirit did not change at all.

If we compare Geumgang Bulgogi to an iron ball filled with water, the current state of Sirone is the process of freezing water.

When the water starts to freeze, the iron ball will break.

But what about a rubber ball? The size of the ball only increases as the volume of ice increases.

That's why sirone has added flexibility by pulverizing durability down to microparticles.

Softness overcomes strength.

Sirone's iron ball was shattered, but the shape of the ice inside it was still intact.

Ikael's heart grew hot. Is this human strength? Even though her mind was shattered, even though it must have been an enormous emotional pain, Sirone maintained her spirit until the end.

That will has evolved Sirone's spirit to the next level. That was the state of Vajrapani, the evolutionary form of Vajrapani Buddha.

broke the frame There is only content.

Since there is nothing more to be destroyed, Sirone could not be shaken under any circumstances.

If the Vajrapani Buddha is the extreme of durability, the Vajrapani, which has no frame, is the extreme of flexibility that humans seek.

The density of the information engraved on the halo exceeded 95%. It was an enormous amount of information.

However, the Geumgangbulgogi grew in size as much as it increased. Then, it was tightened again, and the angel's information was locked away.

-Congratulations, Sirone.

Ikael gave unsparing praise. Can humans go back and forth like this?

Sirone is equipped with strength and flexibility at the same time. It was an undoubted leap.

Sirone, buried in the angel's information, couldn't think of anything. He only realized that he had been trying to hold on and that it was easier than before.

When the angel's magic circle was completed, consciousness returned.

A halo of dozens of magic circles rotating at different speeds caught my eye. There were probably hundreds of times as many magic circles operating inside.

It was a truly beautiful magic circle.

The halo cast by Ikael came directly into Sirone's experience. I couldn't understand the principle, but I was able to stamp the completed concept like a stamp.

-I did it, Ikael... … .

After saying that, Sirone closed her eyes. As consciousness faded, the world was plunged into darkness.

@

Sirone frowned at the intense light. When she opened her eyes, Ikael was looking down with a concerned expression.

“Are you okay, Sirone? How are you feeling?”

Sirone stood up. I was kind of ashamed.

I have already lost consciousness twice after meeting Ikael. It occurred to me that getting along with beings from a higher dimension was quite exhausting.

Sirone grabbed her throbbing head and asked.

“How long have you been fainting this time?”

“It is a bit long. About 20 minutes.”

"yes? why… … ?”

If it was Ikael, he could have woken up long enough before then.

When Sirone looked back in disbelief, Ikael said with an apologetic expression.

“Sirone was in shock. Even if I forcefully wake him up, he won't be able to fight at his best. In particular, to use the magic circle of angels, Sirone will have to put all of her mental power into it.”

Ikael was right. However, the fact that he was delayed was still worrisome.

“You don't have to worry. With this incident as an opportunity, Sirone's mental power has become stronger. Besides, she has fully recovered, so she should be able to reach her destination sooner than before.”

Sirone observed the change in herself. A far more powerful action was taking place in his body than when he reached the level of a golden Buddha.

As his mind was absorbed several times deeper than before, Sirone regained his confidence.

'If you go full speed, time will make up for it. What happened to Ryan and Kanis?'

As a rule of thumb, it had arrived or was about to arrive. That being said, there was still a chance to make up for it.

---------------------------------------