[648] The way they live (1)

Leaving Creas City, Sirone and Lian tied their horses to a mountain trail and had a late lunch.

"it's good."

Unlike Amy's packed lunch, which was packed with rice balls, the lunch box Tess packed was close to combat rations, but it was a satisfying meal for both of them.

“By the way, where are you going now?”

It's a fairly late question, but since Rian intended to follow Sirone wherever he went, the destination was out of his interest.

What was better than when he was training as a knight was that Sirone used his brain, and as expected, the words came out smoothly.

“To be honest, it seems impossible to find Ra on my own.”

Sirone unfolded the world map brought from the Ogent family.

There were 70 countries with the name of a nation once, and if you include the territory of a tribe or a heterogeneous tribe, it would not be enough to take a lifetime to travel around the world.

“Jin Seong-eum, did you say that she was from the royal family? It will be easier than us when it comes to navigation.”

"huh. But it’s not like we don’t have a place to rub.”

Although it was nothing compared to the imperial family, Sirone's connections between school and heaven were considerable.

“First of all, there is Mr. Miro. No, maybe Mr. Miro has already met Ra.”

“But the important thing is that you don’t know where Mr. Miro is, right? How about a person called Theraje? Anyway, if I go, I might be able to meet you.”

If it was Kashan, it would not be inferior to Jincheon's information power.

"huh. Depending on the situation, you may need help. But it is too far away to do anything right now.”

Ryan looked at the map.

The world can be broadly classified into four lands.

It was the North Pole with the Ivory Tower, the continent where the kingdom was gathered, the East across the Atlantic Ocean, and the South across the equator under the East.

The largest territory was, of course, a continent, hugging the Atlantic and South Pacific in the form of a sigma ∑.

The continent is again divided into Northern Continent, Central Continent, Southern Continent, and the Middle East. Sirone's hometown, Tormia, is one of the 21 kingdoms in the Central Continent and is located on the South Pacific side.

“Since Kashan is in the northern continent… … .”

The northern continent is the only territory of the Empire, and Kashan and Gustav share the border.

“Even if you keep going up from Basuka, you will have to pass through Yakma, Kazra, Ferris, Biden, and Jive kingdoms before you arrive.”

It was a dizzying journey just thinking about it.

It was a test with no time limit, but given the skills of the competitors, it would take at least a year to find Ra and pass.

Sirone said.

“Looking for Ra right now is too vague. So, I think, first, I want to visit the magic school Ra graduated from.”

"aha."

When you go to the school, you can check the approximate personal information.

“But you don’t know what school Ra graduated from?”

“That's why we're going to the capital. Someone knows for sure.”

"who?"

“Scout Mr. Baikal.”

Thinking that she could get help if she asked Fleur, Sirone robbed herself and got up.

“Let’s go. I have to sleep in Kentra for the night and arrive in the capital by tomorrow.”

Arriving in Kentra after riding for four hours, Sirone and Lian left the horse at the stable and entered the city.

Like a pastoral city, cowboys could be seen everywhere, and unlike Creas, where there were many old ladies, tomboy ladies were running around laughing.

'Sensei Shiina said she met Kuan-san here.'

Now, recalling the dream-like work of heaven, the place he visited was the wizard guild.

“Silverling Guild.”

After reading the signboard, Sirone turned to Lian and explained.

“I have an unofficial wizard license, so now I can use the guild too.”

“But can we find information about Ra here?”

There was no possibility that a single guild knew of a person who could not be found in the ivory tower.

“Maybe it will be difficult. But there's nothing wrong with experiencing it. It looks like you can stay overnight, so let's sleep here for today.”

Since it was winter, the sun set early and the weather was cold, so Rian followed Sirone's words without a muttering.

When I opened the door and entered, there was a cozy space with torches hanging everywhere.

At the table, wizards were reading books or playing chess, and some of them were already drunk and sleeping on their stomachs.

I saw the stairs going up to the second floor, and there was a counter on the way there.

"welcome. It is the haven of wizards, the Silverling Guild.”

A woman sitting at the counter stood up and greeted the business.

"what?"

When the two younger than expected entered, the woman looked at them with interest.

“Are you two wizards?”

"no. I'm just a wizard. This is my friend.”

Ryan added.

“It’s an inspection.”

Checking the large sword hanging behind her back, she nodded.

"okay. I am Estera, the manager of the Silver Ring Guild. What can I help you with?”

“I was wondering if I could stay overnight.”

"huh? Are you new to the guild?”

Sirone honestly nodded.

“Yes, this is the first time.”

"no wonder. Accommodation is provided free of charge to guild members, so you cannot use it. Why don't you use this opportunity to join the Silver Ring Guild? If you're a wizard too, you'll have a lot of comfort."

Even if you have an unofficial license, you can make a living and collect information, so joining a guild was essential for an unofficial wizard.

“Hmm.”

As can be seen from the anecdote of the Parrot Mercenary Corps, there is no world-famous wizard guild in a kingdom led by the Magic Association.

However, according to Sirone's investigation, the Silverling Guild was one of the three major national guilds representing Tormia along with War Wagon and Blood Rose.

It was not a bad proposal since each region opened a branch to handle various tasks, but there was no particular advantage to Sirone, who was planning to leave the kingdom of Tormia anyway.

“I have no intention of joining a guild yet.”

“Huh, it looks burdensome. You do not have to worry. Joining and leaving the Silverling Guild is free.”

The main goal of a guild is definitely power expansion, and as such, the war of nerves between guilds across the country is fierce.

The way to join and leave freely was also the Silverling Guild's business strategy to retain as many people as possible.

'It's free registration.'

It was nice that the accommodations could be used for free, but I was still cautious.

"I'll think about it a little longer."

The moment Sirone spoke, Lian's eyes changed.

It was because he felt fierce hostility from the wizards in the hall.

All of them must have belonged to the Silverling Guild, and they couldn't feel good about their guild being ignored by a boy who had just entered society.

Her heart was the same as Estera's, but as expected, she didn't change her expression like she was a resourceful person.

"Yeah, if you're comfortable with it, do it. The door to the Silverling Guild is always open.”

In the end, we ended up staying somewhere else, but Sirone asked after coming to the guild.

“I heard that you can get various information from the guild.”

Estera's business-minded eyes twinkled.

"of course. It costs money, but that's it. What information are you looking for?”

Sirone looked at Lian once and asked.

“Do you have any information about a man named La Enemie?”

Other than that, there was nothing else to ask.

“La Enemy?”

Estera tilted her head, raised the corners of her mouth as if she had a good idea, and raised her index finger.

“It’s 1 gold.”

"yes?"

Sirone blinked his eyes as if it were absurd.

“I just asked, do you have any information about a guy named La Enemy? You have to pay 1 gold to hear the answer.”

“Are you paying to know if there is information or not?”

It was out of common sense, but this was the physiology of the guild.

“All information from the guild turns into money. Guild members don't know, but outsiders don't know anything for free.”

Laughter was heard in the hall.

“You little kids who don’t know the world. If you want a free one, go ask your mom.”

Ryan just crossed his arms and closed one eye gently.

'What do you want to do, Sirone?'

The philosophy that the sword does not judge was effective here as well.

'Well, so the current possession is 300 gold.'

It is a large amount at face value, but it is not so if you consider the journey ahead.

Above all, there was no way to know if even this type of question was actually asking for money, or if it was Estera's cunning revenge for having hesitated to sign up.

“I’ll pay you 1 gold.”

So Sirone paid the money.

If you don't make it clear when you have a chance, you'll make mistakes when you really need to.

It was surprising to Estera that she was willing to give the amount of 1 gold, but there was no hesitation in collecting the gold coins that came up with a thud.

“Now tell me. Do you have any information about La Enemy?”

Estera, who tingled and flipped a coin, gave a short answer.

"there is."

“Is there?”

Sirone's eyes opened in bewilderment.

“Are you really there?”

“You should know what happens if you cheat on this floor, right? wait at the table I'll pack it up and go.”

Sirone, who had been staring blankly at Estera as she entered the archives room, finally looked around the hall.

Unlike the people of the Association, the tough-looking wizards were looking this way.

A wizard with an eyepatch on one eye, a wizard without a right arm at all, and a wizard with burns on their faces.

When Sirone and Lian sat down at the table, the guild member serving poured them tea.

Even as she sipped the refreshing tea, Sirone did not understand.

Does it make sense that there is information about La Enemy in wizard guilds in the provinces, not even in the capital?

“Hey, kid.”

The one-of-a-kind wizard called.

“Are you a magic school graduate?”

“Yes, by the way.”

“Kuk-kuk. I knew it. it's written on your face What can you get from such an insignificant guild? But, this floor is not as easy as you think. If you're a graduate of a magic school, you're considered an aristocrat, but if you stay with that attitude, you won't be able to accomplish anything.”

Sirone listened silently.

Indeed, if there was information about La Enemy here, they were mistaken enough to completely revise their existing strategy.

After waiting for about an hour while receiving contempt from the wizards, Estera called them to the counter.

“Did you find the information?”

Estera took out twenty-seven cards with the silver ring guild mark on the back.

“This is an information card. Marks are different, but most guilds trade information with this.”

Information loses its value the moment it is confirmed, so a special form was needed for monetary transactions.

“All this card is La Enemy’s information?”

It was a much larger number than expected.

"huh. I brought all the information that included the keyword La Enemy at least once. 100 percent accurate.”

"how much is it?"

When I asked without hesitation, Estera raised the corner of her mouth.

“Two gold each.”

To buy all twenty-seven cards, you had to pay a whopping 54 gold.

“Isn’t that too expensive?”

“No, rather lucky. Because all 27 pieces of information are 'pure'.”

Estera explained.

“All of the information here was purchased with money from someone. And when you say a keyword like you do, you sell the information it contains.”

Certainly, in this way, intangible information could be traded as if it were a commodity in a store.

“You can think of the 1 gold you paid as a keyword value. And pure state means information that no one has seen yet.”

It was reasonable to set the value based on the number of readings because each person values ​​the same information differently.

“But how do you believe that?”

“Of course there is no way to prove it. So the difference in amount is not that big. Information that has never been read is 2 gold. Information viewed even once is worth 1 gold and 50 silver. Information that has no security value because it is read too much is sold for 1 gold.”

Sirone, lost in thought for a moment, placed 2 gold.

"Then I'll just buy one."

"good. What would you like?”

“The very last chapter.”

Chances are you've already read the information as you transcribe it onto the card, so you put the one you thought was most important last.

“Good judgment. Be careful not to show it to others.”

Sirone, who quickly snatched the card, still couldn't take her eyes off her even after checking the front side.

'This is such a world... … .'

Below the informant's name was a single line of text.

-La Enemy is 'supposed' to be male.

---------------------------------------