[59] Shiina under the moonlight (2)

However, Shiina was just walking and looking at the ground without saying anything.

Seeing her despondent appearance, Sirone's heart was heavy.

If it wasn't for the accident on a young day, I could have developed a good relationship with Armin.

However, he couldn't blame Armin for getting married. He voluntarily left Shiina in order to alleviate the guilt of his dear sister.

Nade grumbled as if he didn't like it.

“Sheesh. I don’t know if I really know the relationship between a man and a woman.”

“I can’t. Not everything in the world goes the way you want it to.”

"shit! He was so cold at school, and honestly, I don't want to see him like that.”

Nade, who clenched his fists and was indignant, moved quickly and approached Shiina.

"teacher."

“Uh, huh?”

“We are hungry. I’ve already come, so please buy me some food.”

Shiina made an absurd expression. The home invasion they committed today was an issue that was not enough to be disciplined by the school. Asking me to buy rice in such a yard calmly.

“You are really good. Does the rice go over in this situation?”

“How are you? Even if you are punished, you have to fill your stomach. After all, you learn magic to make a living, right?”

Sirone interrupted. 

“Yes, sir. Eat rice and go in. I am hungry too.”

said Iruki.

“In that sense, if I had to suggest one thing, I think it would be better to fall into the aristocratic district. After all, the school is close, and I know a very delicious and expensive restaurant there.”

Even Shiina's will to get irritated disappeared. Although the attitude of her students was natural, she had a vague idea of ​​the reason for this. She didn't want to go back to her school in this mood either. Anyway, today is a holiday.

“Okay, okay. You must be tired from doing bad things, so let's eat. But when you go back to school, you'll have to be prepared.”

"Hi-Hi! yes!"

Nade winked at his friends. The primary purpose is to relieve Shiina's mood, but he also calculated the room to try to dispel his discipline by dragging out time.

The noble district was lined with all sorts of luxurious shops. Iruki took Shiina to the most splendid shop. In front of a six-story building, Sirone opened her mouth wide.

It was different from the entrance as well as famous aristocrats. Pillars carved entirely of white ivory supported the ceiling of the balcony, and marble carved with phantom beasts protected the left and right sides like prayers.

Restaurant Gold Cupid. 

It was a top-notch restaurant where all food was premium.

"wow! I haven't been here either. I'm going to be really good today. Sirone, let's go in quickly.”

"uh? that's it... … .”

Sirone looked at Shiina. As expected, she was looking up at her sign with a rotten smile. It was the most expensive restaurant in the neighborhood, so it was understandable. Above all, there was no way Iruki would have chosen a restaurant like this unless she was thinking of stripping her teacher.

But Shiina was not angry. She let out a sigh as if she couldn't do it, and then she entered the entrance coolly.

"okay. Let's eat here.”

"Oh oh! our teacher! After all, the distribution is different!”

Iruki joined Nade's flattery.

“Stupid. It would be difficult to evaluate the teacher's distribution to this extent. If you're a certified 6th-level wizard, you can go in and out of a store like this like a bathroom. Isn't that right, sir?"

“It’s okay, so hurry in. Instead, we just eat and go straight to school.”

Sirone, the first restaurant dedicated to aristocrats, was surprised by the scale that was revealed from the moment he crossed the threshold. As if by magic, the size seen from the outside was completely different from the size seen from the inside.

Tables were sparse enough to think it was a waste of space, and on one side was a bar decorated with colorful crystal lights.

Of course, the customers were nobles, and it was clear that they were popular people in Creas just by looking at the accessories they wore.

“Sirone! This way!”

Sirone, who was in a state of fascination, headed to the table at the sound of her friends calling. Nade and Iruki also looked around from time to time, but they didn't look nervous.

A waiter came over and took our order. It was a greasy impression with a swallow's head, but Shirone and the others were quite displeased when the eyes toward Shiina were quite sticky.

At school, they are between teacher and student, but outside, a man must escort a woman. However, the waiter didn't even care about the students and only focused on Shiina.

“Welcome, sir. Thank you for visiting Gold Cupid. Especially since such a beautiful person personally visits the store, I don’t know what to do.”

Even if it was said that it was a trick, the intentional ignoring of Sirone and the others was visible.

'Sheesh. You said it was a top-notch restaurant, how did you train the staff? Even if you don't feel comfortable with it, do you think the teacher will pay attention to a flirt like you?'

Nade's stomach was boiling. His eyes scanned the price tag on the menu board. the most expensive food It was my intention to give the waiter a shot at treating me like a child.

Without thinking, Iruki ordered a series of courses. Nade, who gained momentum, ordered another course dish. 

Sirone was still struggling. In fact, it was the only menu I didn't know about. How do you know if the braised olaris is meat, fish, or monster tongue?

However, I didn't fall out if I noticed, so I calmly ordered something like nade. I was uneasy about the menu that Iruki ordered.

The waiter's face grew pale as menus catering only to VIPs were lined up. My first thought was whether they could afford to pay. All dishes have a premium, but there is a difference of more than three times between the lowest price and the highest price. If the ignorant kids were mistaken, they could have had to pay 12 times the expected price.

The waiter looked at Shiina with anxious eyes. But she was choosing her own menu as if she didn't care.

“I would like the Tasco course, please. A bottle of Limounes.”

Shiina doesn't like to drink, but sometimes when she's feeling down, she drinks cognac. Limunes is a distilled water with a faint vanilla scent. Although it is expensive, it has a good aftertaste and is popular among women.

"uh? Sir, would you like a drink?”

“Isn’t it going to be okay? You guys pick locks on other people’s houses and go in, but I can’t even drink?”

Nade smiled shyly.

"haha. That's right. Oh right! Teacher, were you off work today?”

Seeing the waiter stick out his tongue and leave, Sirone and the others exchanged glances and smirked. However, as reason gradually returned, anxiety settled in their eyes. When I thought that all four of us had ordered a course, the price tag popped into my head. It was only then that she began to worry that she had acted in vain, but Shiina didn't care.

The income of a certified 6th class wizard is in the top 10% even in aristocratic society. Furthermore, since he was working at Alpheas Magic School, one of the five most prestigious schools in the kingdom, he was able to fully enjoy his life without touching the wealth of the Olifer school.

'Come to think of it, it's a very successful life. My teacher.'

A life chasing dreams, not a life chasing money. However, Sirone, the son of a mountaineer, knew better than anyone that it was not as easy as it sounds.

There were four course dishes, so the food came to the table without stopping. The people sitting at the other tables glanced this way with tired expressions.

Sirone and her friends didn't care and were frantic to steal each other's food. Nade and Iruki are aristocrats, and Shirone also learned table manners, but among his friends, dignity was useless.

Forks and knives flew across the table, but Shiina was smiling while watching the students enjoying their food.

As we were full and the flavor diminished, we talked about magic like a magic school student. It was a fun and beneficial place for Shiina as well. Her laughter didn't leave her, and her depressed mood was relieved, so Nade's strategy worked.

"Hehehe. Teacher, this bulcho disciple will offer a drink to the respected master.”

"joy! Do you think I'll see that? It's a place to eat, so I'm not saying anything. Be prepared when you return.”

“Yes, yes, is there any? Now, take it.”

Nade's outstanding sociability shined even in such a place. Even though she was Shiina, as if she didn't particularly hate it, she took the drink as he gave it. Cognac was quite strong, so she asked Shiina anxiously.

“Teacher, aren’t you eating too much?”

“Huh, it’s okay. This much doesn't matter.”

“Nothing. He's a certified 6th-level wizard, but he's not someone who's only going to lose to alcohol.”

Nade was positively accepting whatever Shiina said. She was ready to believe that the fork was a trident.

“What? very desperate But it's really okay. I'm on the heavy side.”

Receiving Shirone's worried gaze, Shiina passed the strong sake straight again.

1 hour later.

"Hey you! I mean, you! Nade.”

"yes. teacher."

Shiina, who raised her elbows on the table where the dishes were removed, swayed with a red face. On the other hand, Shirone and the others stood upright and broke out in a cold sweat.

Within an hour, the bottle of cognac was empty.

Shiina's tongue was twisted and her eyes were slightly out of focus. Sirone and the others, unable to even turn their heads, exchanged glances with only their eyes moving.

'It happened. The teacher is drunk.'

Shiina, who muttered something in a low voice, suddenly lowered her head. Cera Nade, who was about to fall from her chair, hurriedly grabbed her arm.

“Teacher, are you okay? I have to go back now.”

“You troublemaker!”

Shiina raised her head and pulled Nade's cheek mercilessly. Nade was dragged away with a painful expression on his cheeks that stretched like sticky rice.

“Ouch! sick!"

“I mean, listen carefully. I also want to be a good teacher like teacher Etella. I’m saying don’t be distracted by strange things and study hard.”

"yes yes! All right, sir! It really hurts!”

“And Sirone, Iruki. you!"

"yes!"

Sirone and Iruki straightened the waists that had already been erected and took a stance with a tight angle.

“So are you. I won't forgive you if you just believe in your talent and try to move around. I don't care if you think I'm a bad teacher. I will not forgive you.”

“I don't think anyone is bad. So, get your mind right.”

“Whoa. yeah i know Why did I buy it and suffer like this? Mmm.”

Shiina's eyelids half closed and her head dropped. She then ended up burying her face in the table with her feet as pillows.

“Sir, you need to wake up, right? teacher? You haven't even counted yet?"

“Come to sleep. I will sleep."

"teacher?"

Shiina didn't respond.

Nade looked back at his friends with a puzzled expression. But she said there was no countermeasure against them. While she was struggling with how to get out of her predicament, two men who were watching from the table across from her walked over.

"You've been drinking a lot, Mrs. Shall we have the wagon waiting?”

A dapper-looking young man spoke to Shiina. Behind him was a Honam-type man with a smirk.

The eyes of Sirone and the others became cold at the same time. I've already noticed since I came here. That they had been keeping an eye on Shiina from the beginning and talking about obscenity.

"teacher? teacher. Come to your senses.”

It was best to wake Shiina up and leave as soon as possible. But when I tried to straighten her upper body, she finally couldn't stand it and fell back on the table. The man who caught the word teacher in Nade's words made his eyes shine.

---------------------------------------