[140] Labyrinth space-time (4)

Tess also experienced power absorption, but rewinded the motion without any disturbance and mounted the sword.

Distance control, maximum acceleration, everything was perfect. All eyes were focused on the sphere.

A number popped up. 442. It was the first time that the number exceeded 400.

What will be the result? Tess stared at her, showing no emotion.

After a while, the number disappears and the beads turn red.

“Whoa, that doesn’t work. it's a shame."

Tess turned without hesitation. I could understand the feelings of the two who shouted that they would try it one more time, but it was an act of low dignity to do accordingly.

“Damn it! Isn't that really broken? I stabbed him with a saber, but how come more than a blunt weapon?”

The warrior screamed loudly. They lived in the world believing in their strength, so losing to a woman might hurt their pride, but from Tess' point of view, it was just pitiful.

“I was eliminated in the same way, so what are you doing with that? And growing power and handling power are completely different! Why don’t you practice some skills instead of just lifting rocks?”

"what! Are you ignoring my power now? Can't you see these muscles? Do you have something like this?”

Tess turned her head away as if she had seen the disgusting scene. She felt it would be more convenient to have a conversation with a cow than to discuss her delicacy with a macho.

“Is the inspection line over? Then it's my turn this time.”

The archer pulled out the longbow behind his back and went out. 

Based on the previous results, it seemed that it would be difficult to get a high score with only physical strength.

Arrows are also physical attacks, but the archer was confident. Even though it's a costly method, I feel sick to my stomach, but wouldn't it be ridiculed if I didn't show off a single organ?

“Looks like you intend to use it.”

As the wizard said, the archer took out an arrow from his back and removed the arrowhead. Then, he took out a uniquely shaped arrowhead from the hard leather pocket on his pants.

The tip was not sharp, but round like an almond, but it was purple, not the usual iron color.

“Hmm, that was good. Shall we try it this time?”

Amy's eyes lit up when she saw the uniquely colored arrowhead. Certainly, if that was the case, it could deliver a far more powerful impact than a normal arrow.

“Sirone, look at that. It’s a magic bullet.”

"uh? is that?”

Sirone had also heard about magic bullets in class. It was an item infused with magic into magic crystals, which are only extracted in very small amounts in the natural world.

The origin of magic crystals is a mystery, but it is an established theory that it is a chemical reaction in response to a unique natural phenomenon.

For example, magic crystals of lightning could be collected in dry highlands or tropical rain forests where thunderstorms often occur.

Minerals collected in this way show an affinity for a specific phenomenon, and magic engineers succeeded in storing magic in magic stones using such properties.

Of course, this was just laboratory science, the success of which cannot be called achievement.

In order to use magic crystals in real life, material engineering to convert them into energy and mechanical engineering to consume those materials in various forms must be supported.

The series of processes in which magic crystals are mined and consumed by society is made up of so many manpower and enormous capital that it can be described as an industry.

And the field that competed for the top spot in the industry was magic bullet, a lethal weapon.

"That's the expensive magic bullet. How does it compare to the magic we use?"

“It’s not particularly powerful or anything. Being able to use magic without being a wizard is a huge advantage. Probably 1 gold for each one. Even though the weight of the magic bullet that actually goes into the arrowhead is only 10 grams.”

Sirone stuck out his tongue. It's 1 gold for just one bowstring. If so, how much money did the 3,000 archers in the history books spend on the fire of magic bullets?

“It's great stuff. If you're like me, I don't think you'll be able to use it."

“Since we’re wizards, it’s only natural that we think about what we’ve lost. However, in actual combat, whether or not there is a spirit bullet is an extremely important issue. In a situation where you can die without moving, you can live with a single magic bullet.”

"I see. But do you know the details? They didn’t teach that in class either.”

“I also found out recently. The reason my eldest brother came home is because of the delivery of magic bullets for the archer unit. It seems that the company has been committing corruption since a year ago, but I don't know at what stage the money is leaking out. I was curious, so I asked Nade, and he knew everything from the manufacturing process to the manufacturing technology.”

"huh? Nade? When did you ask that?”

“There was a time when you woke up and closed school. According to rumors, they made an invisibility cloak, but that's an amazing skill. If it's Nade, he'll be able to make magic bullets.”

"what? You make that expensive thing yourself?”

“What, didn’t you know? Are you really a friend who can’t live without dying?”

“Haha, that… … . But Nade always shows weird things. He’s like a carriage that never stops or a doll that does a dozen funny dances.”

“Well, it’s not just about having technology. Since it is a state monopoly business, if you do not obtain a license, you will be arrested for manufacturing illegal weapons. But if you're bored later, ask them to make one for you. If you ask, they will probably make it for you. It's a magic stone because you can buy it cheaply from the Alchemy Foundation.”

While Sirone and Amy were talking, the archer released the magic bullet's control device.

The impact-reactive magic bullet must be secured unless it is going through a dangerous area. One of the legs would be blown off in the event of a reaction, such as being run over by a wagon.

“Hey, I’m going to use magic bullets from now on. It's called Lightning Arrow. If you stay close, you might get hit, so get back.”

Sirone and the others moved as far away as possible within the sighting range. I expected that the space-time of the maze would absorb magical power, but there was nothing wrong with being careful.

As the archer pulled the string tight, even the tension around him seemed to rise. After a while, the moment I let go of my hand, the arrow sounded like a flute and crashed into the space-time of the maze.

As the magic bullet reacted, it released powerful lightning bolts.

However, the blue electricity was generated only inside the marble. As expected, it seemed to absorb even magic power.

The beads flashed for about 3 seconds, then went quiet. People waited for the number to come up, thinking that it was really worth the money.

1020.

The corners of the archer's mouth went up as the score reached four digits.

However, the result was undoubtedly inconsistent. After scoring over 1,000 points and not getting any results, the archer came down from the altar thinking about what he had earned.

“Sheesh! What, did you just throw away money?”

“I can't really say that. From the looks of it, your body seems to be fine, are you okay?”

At Amy's words, the archer checked his condition. I saw the swordsmen's legs weakening over and over again, but this time it didn't matter.

"huh? That's right. It doesn't seem to take away even the archer's strength. The space-time of the labyrinth seems to measure only the blow damage.”

“That could be a piece of information. What are you going to do? Would you like to try again?”

The archer stared at the orb. Anyway, he made the best of it, so it wasn't too bad. But wasting money beyond this was a no-brainer.

"no. It won't make much of a difference no matter which attribute you use, and I don't think you'll pass with this. Only magic bullets are worth it.”

Amy readily agreed.

"Then, is it the wizard's turn from now on? Sirone, who should do it first? you or me?”

The mercenary wizard smiled and pointed at Amy.

“How about you try it? It's my turn next, so I'm sure there will be a comparison to see who's stronger.”

Amy accepted the challenge as if there was nothing to hold back. Come to think of it, she still had feelings to resolve with that woman.

"great. Sirone, then should I go first?”

"huh. Show your skills. Go for it!"

Sirone saw that Amy had potential. Her specialty is the fire class, which specializes in offensive magic. In addition, it was a target type that emphasized the power of a single shot.

There are countless types of magic, and fashion changes according to the speed of development, but the fire attribute has always been the strongest in the magic world, ranking first in the power category.

But Amy was cautious. She stood at the altar, calculating which spell she would deploy.

'It's surprisingly difficult. It's too close to use sniper mode. Should I just attack as a target? But then the power will decrease.'

Unlike the freezing series, where absolute zero is the limit, the flame series has no temperature rise limit.

Many wizards are drawn to its infinite possibilities and choose flame, but even high-level wizards find it difficult to overcome the barrier of 1,000 degrees Celsius.

Still, the flames are strong. This is because most things on the planet are under the rule of 1,000 degrees.

Living things, trees, and most metals except iron were bound to be burned by the energy of heat.

However, just as there is no perfect attribute in the world, there were also disadvantages to flame-based magic.

It was lightness.

The total amount of energy is enormous, but the heaviness is poor. So, usually, the air type is grafted to supplement the hitting power, and the representative example was the flame strike.

'However, due to the nature of Flame Strike, its power doubles as the distance increases. In this case, wouldn't it be better to focus on the flames?'

Since the space-time of the labyrinth measures magical power, not impact, it was a good strategy to compete with a pure system that can increase the temperature purely.

Amy thought of a magic that would fit that, and made a decision.

'Fireball.'

Two flames burned above Amy's palms. Originally, it was a sphere, but due to the nature of fire, it formed a form of water droplets rising upward.

If the magic fire was different from real fire, it was, of course, density. In other words, fire mages increase the temperature by adjusting the density of fire. In addition, as the temperature increased, the radius of spread of the flame could also be increased.

Amy only rotated her wrist while holding the flame. Then she flew away with a ball of fire red like lava hanging down her tail.

As soon as the flames hit, the time-space of the labyrinth inhaled the flames. A tremendous whirlpool of fire circulated endlessly inside the orb.

When the score finally came out, people burst into exclamation.

3,270.

It was the best record ever. And looking at the results so far, it seemed difficult to exceed this score.

The archer realized that Sirone and the others were not ordinary students. The electric arrow with the added power of magic bullet was 1,020. However, the fact that the power of Fireball, the basic magic, exceeded three times that, meant that there was a difference from the level of magic.

But Amy frowned. As if there was no beginning with this, the space-time of her labyrinth was fiercely emitting red light.

"what! What the hell?”

I thought it would be okay, but when I failed, the medicine went up and I felt like going crazy.

“Ho-ho-ho! It's like a kid. Is it my turn this time?”

"Wait a minute! I'll try sniper mode. I'm going to put an end to it today as to how much you're asking for.”

Sirone smiled awkwardly and headed towards the altar. Amy, who had an extraordinary fighting spirit, would never come down unless she went and stopped her.

“Calm down for now. If you get angry and lose your concentration, you won’t get any more points.”

“Oh, really! Sirone, I will definitely do it again. Understand?"

The wizard who climbed the altar turned to Amy and said.

“Coincidentally, they were wizards of the same class, right? I am also a fire magician. I'll try it with a fireball to match your level.”

'Heh, that's funny. He said he had the same thoughts as me.'

Amy responded with a snort. In any case, a dropout is always silent, so even replying was annoyed.

---------------------------------------