[544] Forbidden Shrine (4)

Armand's pressure was familiar to Sirone.

When something sharp stabbed his spinal cord, all functions of his body became superior and Armand's information was synchronized, as if a power pack had been installed.

In my memory, the six options equipped on the magic sword flowed down.

Among the information delivered intuitively through brain waves, only the Valhalla action was in an unusable state.

“Sirone, did you think of something?”

Sirone looked down at Marsha.

Marsha's strong memory raised Sirone's information recovery rate to 78%, and reached the level of undivided attention.

Since the real Sirone was in a state of being combined with Armand, the information was implemented as it was in Apocalypse.

'I don't know. What the hell is real.'

I thought that when I regained my memory, everything would become clearer, but it turned out to be the opposite.

Now all the memories were mixed together like a mash, and I couldn't tell which was real and which was a dream.

'First of all, I have to find Yo.'

Sirone put down Marsha and stood up.

“Release Yo.”

“You foolish human being.”

All kinds of beasts created based on the information recorded on the digital ra came out of the slime everywhere.

Then, tentacles protruded from Armand's robes and beat the beasts at great speed.

Fermi made an absurd expression at the sight of Kuzen sucking up the slime with his eating metabolism.

“What is that again?”

When I first saw Sirone in the arboretum, I thought I would be able to subdue her, but now she was showing off her power on a completely different level.

“Armand. It's Sirone's weapon."

Even Ryan, who said that, was equally perplexed.

It was different in form and ability from Armand I had seen before.

Sirone, who had sucked up all the slime, proposed one more time to Ra, who was holding on to Yo.

“Even if we fought, it would be in vain. Give up now.”

“I just follow the workings of nature. Even if you want something from a falling rock, the rock won't stop.”

“Surely?”

As Ra released into mucous, he began to swallow urine.

“Yeah, right.”

“Arson! Run away!”

At the same time, dozens of tentacles protruded from Sirone's robes and rushed towards Ra.

“It's already too late. Once converted, the energy... … Kut!”

The moment the tentacles were embedded in Ra's body, Sirone's eyes widened.

Small world creation.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Like a light bulb, Ra's body became translucent, emitting white light.

When the slime in the room lit up through the medium of Ra's body, Yogi shook his body and quickly escaped.

At the same time, as Armand infiltrated Digital Ra's database, Sirone's mind also fell into a trance.

“The Archon!”

Yo's voice became faint, and a scream was heard clearly as if to fill the void of hearing.

The entire history of the Apocalypse recorded by Digital Ra was rolling in.

War, famine, disaster.

A child who has lost a parent, a parent who has lost a child.

'Ah, why, why are humans... … .'

Tears began to flow from Sirone's eyes, who had covered all the sins of mankind.

Is this too cruel!

“Aaaaaaa!”

Connected to the tentacles, Sirone rose to the surface and straightened her waist like a bow while screaming, and a dazzling radiance was born as if it were about to explode.

As the information recovery rate soared while absorbing the world's information, an incarnation with angelic wings was born from Sirone's body.

“Banya transcending the mind.”

Miro muttered, swallowing a moan.

If he had reached this point based on the information of Apocalypse, it was safe to say that there was no room to raise the information of reality.

'stop! Please stop!'

The history of suffering quickly penetrated Sirone's mind.

And finally, the place they arrived at was a white room where Mucus Man was waiting alone.

“Did you see? This is why I must exist. Humans don't need humans.”

Sirone just shed tears.

There was only one fact that I realized after hearing the gruesome screams of all mankind.

'Humans... … .'

Nothing should be done.

“You insignificant human being.”

Sirone slowly turned her head.

“Do you know why I did not exterminate the most useless human beings by the standards of the ecosystem?”

Sirone couldn't answer.

“Because those who made me think that way are also you, humans.”

I looked up at the ceiling.

“They mistake themselves for superiority, but in reality are more unstable than any other creature. I did not destroy humans in order to find the answer to that contradiction. And now... … .”

Ra's gaze returned to Sirone.

“I found the answer in you. If humans are truly contradictory beings, you too can change this world.”

“You change?”

Ra put her hand to her chest.

“It will become one. I can read the system of the world, and you have a singularity that can change the system. It is to bring them together to create a new world.”

Sirone swallowed his saliva.

The despair and pain of the people I watched through Digital Ra quickly passed through my mind.

“Human, give me another chance. All human sins and suffering can be eliminated. Eternal peace comes to this land through the sacrifice of one person.”

It was a huge ideal that transcended individual categories.

However, in return, what Sirone had to sacrifice was something most precious to the individual.

"I am… … .”

After thinking for a long time, Sirone opened her mouth.

"what?"

Miro and the others looked around.

The luminous lights weakened and the lens of Digital Ra, which was rotating as if it was about to explode, regained its original speed.

“Whoa!”

Ra took a deep breath after confirming that Armand's tentacles had come out.

At the point of sharing thoughts with small world creation, there was no need for any further conversation.

“Arson! Are you okay?"

Sirone, who held Yo's hand with a bitter smile, turned to Ra and said.

“Send us outside.”

Marsha asked.

“What are you talking about? You must go with us.”

“Marsha sister, Lian… … .”

Upon discovering the transcendent sadness in Sirone's eyes, Marsha couldn't go any further.

"Sorry."

In front of the hope of being able to change the world, Sirone gave up everything.

Before Lian could speak, the slime engulfed Sirone and Yo, sending them out along the wall.

Miro looked back at Ra and asked.

“What did you do to Sirone?”

"nothing. He made the best decision a creature could make. I just gave you hope.”

"hope? What hope?”

“There must be no reason for you to know, right?”

The incarnation of Kannon rose from Miro's body.

“I’m feeling quite ambiguous right now, so it’s better to be honest. You, how much do you know?”

Kannon's palms spread across the digital la.

“Information is endlessly replicated and never recovered. Destroying me does not mean I am destroyed.”

"It's enough to think about it then."

It was concluded that it would be better to preserve the aircraft for the purpose of digital.

“I will change the system of the world by combining Sirone’s spirit and my skills.”

“Are you going to absorb it?”

“The word fairy tale is not appropriate. I will purify the world by controlling Sirone's neural network. it's like... … .”

Ra stopped talking abruptly, widened her eyes, turned her head, and then looked the other way.

It was a mechanical and disconnected movement that seemed impossible to analyze even with quantum calculations.

“… … Who are you? Where did you connect from?”

Miro and the others looked around at the sudden sound, but there was nothing to see.

Then, someone flashed into Miro's mind.

'no way?'

As she expected, Ra gave up on finding out whereabouts of his true identity and continued talking while staring at the vague front.

“Why are you helping me?”

Silence passed for a while.

"Right. i get it."

As if ending the conversation, Ra turned his head to Miro.

“With this you will never be able to stop me. I like to give up and go back.”

Miro's eyes widened fiercely.

However, if that human started interfering, there was nothing I could do here, so I turned around with a tsk and a tongue.

“Let’s go out. I don't have time to be like this.”

Fermi tilted his head.

“Are you going back? Wouldn't it be nice to get more information from Ra? This is a rare opportunity.”

“Ah, yes.”

Miro turned to Ra again and said.

“Remember. I am the kind of person who does it.”

The incarnation of Kannon, who burst out of the maze, placed Digital Ra between his palms and brutally crushed it.

Digital Ra's lens, which was dented like scrap metal, was smashed into chunks, and Mucus Man was absorbed into slime as if he had fallen into water.

"let's go."

Rian, Marsha, and Fermi stared at the destroyed Digital Ra in dismay, then regained their senses and chased after them.

Shortly thereafter, bluish electricity began to circulate in Digital Ra's body.

- System Backup. Estimated recovery time 0.000023 seconds. complete.

It wasn't as quiet as before, but as the engine revved up again, the figure of Mucus Man rose above the slime.

He muttered as he watched the maze exit.

“… … After all, human beings.”

After exiting the Fairy Biomimetics Lab, Miro started looking for traces of Sirone.

However, no traces could be found on the ground, probably because she had cast flight magic.

Eventually giving up, she turned to the group.

“Listen. I really don't have time from now on. We have to move fast too. It is the biggest variable.”

Fermi asked.

“What happened? Is it because Ra was talking to someone?”

“I heard a report from Arius. Perhaps the person who accessed Ra was Shura.”

“Shura?”

“Heaven’s Eternals Community, Leader of the Church of the Ten Lords. She probably could infiltrate anywhere in this world if she were her.”

“You are a talented coder. But are you great enough for Auntie to worry about?”

Miro jerked her head and flipped her hair.

“Hey, where is someone like that to me?”

Then he returned with a serious expression.

“To be honest, it is not negligible. All of the Ten Commandments are made up of Prajna and Yaksha, and especially since Amitabha is number one in the hierarchy.”

Prajna and yaksha are only standards for determining the realm, and depending on how they are used, the actual combat power varies widely.

Nevertheless, the reason why Miro didn't mention it was because all the executives of the Tenro Society were the ones who used the strongest skills in their field.

Ryan asked.

“Is Shura the number one Amitabha?”

"no. I don't know the exact rank, but when I looked at every aspect, I'm sure he was a middle or low rank in the Ten Commandments. But it’s tricky because this is the world of undercoders.”

Marsha asked.

"why?"

“Because I am a lawyer. It's the most excellent class to block the incarnation's attack. If you are an executive of the Ten Commandments, you can think of them as lawyers who have reached the highest level among humans.”

"It's got it right."

If you are a person who uses the strongest law in reality, you will show off your abilities close to that of a half-god in Under Coder.

“Perhaps the Ten Commandments chose Shura to stop me, but not necessarily for that reason. Just like Theraze, the Ten Commandments are paying attention to Sirone. The apocalyptic world becomes a kind of laboratory for Shura.”

“Because everything that happens here can be analyzed in code.”

Marsha said.

“If we can infiltrate anywhere in this world, how are we supposed to find Shura?”

Miro shook his head.

“No, there is no need to find Shura. Maybe she's in the colony. She will lead the children of the sun and take them to Sirone.”

“How can you be sure of that?”

“Because Shura is a banja incarnated as a snake. That's why people who know her call her that.”

Miro recalled Shura's face and said.

“The god of false doctrine.”

---------------------------------------