[57] Gauge Symmetry (3)

“Shina! Keep your eyes open! Come to your senses!”

"brother! buy, save... … !”

Shiina was not in a state to keep her cool. However, it was impossible to cross the river with the physical abilities of two young people. Armin realized he had to do it alone.

'All we have to do is go to the Delphonse area. From there, the quantity will decrease because it is a delta. At the current rate, it should arrive in about 20 minutes.'

20 minutes? It was a long time. Can you survive 20 minutes in the rapids with a confused Shiina?

'That's stupid. I have no choice but to do it.'

Armin calmed down. The scene unfolding before his eyes was grotesquely distorted. Broken logs were coming down. He twisted his body with all his might. Even if the water got into his eyes, even if a huge rock attacked him, and even if a sharp tree cut through his skin, he continued to move through reality.

'a little bit… … little bit more!'

I felt Shiina's tiny hands pinching my waist. The feeling that her fragile life depended on her for everything was miserable, but her spirit was awakened by a greater sense of mission.

After a hellish time passed, the destination began to appear far downstream. But there was no way to get there. A broken tree towards the river was blocking the road. 

“Shina, listen carefully. We should avoid that. The only way to do that is to get into the water. your brother will hold you down Hold your breath, hold your breath, then rise again. Understand?"

"brother! scared! I can not!"

“I have to. you can do it. trust me!"

"brother! oh… … !”

When the two vortices interlocked, the speed of the rapids more than doubled. In an unexpected situation, Armin bit his molar. The trash of the flood attacked like a monster with only the neck floating in sight. 

Armin was chomping to the point of cramps in his feet. Sharp things scratched his body. Continuing to bleed, his body temperature dropped, and he was losing consciousness. Meanwhile, he came to a tree blocking the road. Even looking at him from a close point, he still had no choice but to get into the water.

“Shina! Goes!"

Armin glared at the approaching tree and timed it. And right before the collision, he pressed Shiina's shoulder.

“Now!”

Shiina's screaming voice drowned in the water. As Armin pressed down on Shiina, the sharp skin of the tree trunk that was wet with water expanded in his field of vision. However, all his nerves were focused on the hand holding Shiina. And the moment she passed under her tree trunk she let go of her powers.

'done! Success!'

Armin looked at the tree trunk approaching him with a faint smile. He was fortunate to be able to save Shiina. And even at that moment, he didn't close his eyes.

“Brother!”

I could hear Shiina's voice drifting downstream.

Shiina's story ended there. Her children bowed their heads in solemn hearts.

“I was swept to the Delphonse area and rescued by villagers. Thanks to being out of the woodlands, there were no dangerous structures and even the fainted Armin brother floated to where I was. The people of the school went out and treated it, but the diagnosis was permanent eye damage. Since then, my brother has lost his sight.”

"okay. Such a story for the two of you... … .”

“My brother personally taught me how to overcome fear. Thanks to you, I was able to overcome the overflow. But my brother lost his light. The greatest talent in the school's history... … That's how it stopped.”

Sirone was heartbroken. It is no exaggeration to say that he lost almost all of his eyes to humans. He can't even read books, and learning magic is bound to be a limitation. I could see how disappointed and distressed he must have been without seeing him.

“I met my brother after hearing that he came here three years ago. Since you are developing a painting style that draws light. That’s why I volunteered to be a model.”

“I see. Not knowing that, we misunderstood for nothing... … .”

Misunderstanding the relationship between the two as adultery was itself an act of disrespect to them. Just when the atmosphere was about to get dark, Armin brought tea and refreshments.

“Did I interrupt you? It's rare for Shiina to bring up things from the past.”

"brother."

“First, listen to the car. It's not nice, but it's got her wife's secret, so it'll fit in her mouth.”

“Ah, thank you, I will eat well.”

Sirone and the others received the teacup in a happy attitude. He is said to have turned into a painter, but he showed a genius talent for magic 20 years ago. Although they could blame their unfortunate fate, they couldn't look down on Armin as aspiring wizards.

Armin returned to the canvas and offered a seat in the back.

"ruler. Then I'll have to work on it too. Can't the guests wait over here?"

“Ah, yes. Sure."

The three of them took a teacup and moved their seats. As Shiina positioned her on the bed, Nade looked at her and asked, & nbsp;

"Hey, I'm really sorry for asking this question, but you're not painting nudes, are you?"

Now that I knew that Armin was a painter, I didn't care what kind of art he did. However, I thought that it would be difficult for Shiina to do that in front of the disciples.

"ha ha ha! No matter how blind you are, you cannot ask too much of your dear sister.”

“But I heard earlier that you should take your clothes off…” … .”

“Oh, that is it. Shiina, can you show me?”

Shiina opened the closet and took out a coat made of silver foil. She was so dazzling that it was hard to even look at her as the light reflected. Sirone said, covering her face with her hand.

"wow! It is very bright.”

“You can't see things accurately with the Spirit Zone alone. He coats a person or object with a luminous body and feels the light. In that sense, a tinfoil coat is a very good tool.”

“It is unique. To feel the light and paint a picture.”

“In exchange for losing an eye, I can draw what other artists cannot. But today is the last time I draw Shiina. A good sponsor appears and we have to move in within a few days. So I wanted to bring out Shiina's natural feeling. When I put on her coat, I feel that her beauty is fading.”

Shiina's cheeks turned red.

“Your brother is really… … A nonsensical voice.”

"haha! What do you think? In my head, you are still a nine-year-old kid.”

“Okay, let’s get to work quickly. When Keira comes back, you won’t be able to work.”

Sirone and the others wiggled their fingers and toes at the subtle and itchy air current. It was clear that they were like brother and sister, but they were not related by blood. Perhaps the reason why Shiina reacted more violently than usual to the rumors of her affair was that she still had some lingering feelings for Armin.

“Then let’s begin. I’m drawing according to my feelings, so it will end earlier than usual.”

As Shiina took a stance, Armin grabbed charcoal and began drawing out a rough outline. Sirone and the others watching from the back admired his skills. Even though it seemed to be roughly drawn, the lines were following Shiina's outline.

"wow! amazing."

"Shh."

Iruki raised his index finger and warned Nade. Not being able to see the eyes is a fatal flaw for a painter, so more concentration than usual would have been required.

However, Sirone tilted her head. It was really strange. Even though there is no luminous body, Armin was accurately transferring even the detailed features of Shiina to the canvas.

'How is this possible? Is the density of the spirit zone that high? Even so, this detail... … .'

If the spirit zone has considerable density, precise descriptions may be possible through synesthesia. It was the same principle as leaving footprints in the mud. However, I know that even Jonathan Etela has not reached that level.

The drawing has become more precise. Shiina had a beautiful smile that was rarely seen at school. Armin used the bread like an eraser to perfectly embody that smile on the canvas.

Sirone burst into exclamations inwardly. He was told that one of the most difficult things for a painter to express is the lips. This is because the feeling changes depending on the subtle change of the corners of the mouth .

'I see. This is impossible.'

No matter how high the density of the spirit zone is, it didn't make sense for a blind artist to catch even this part. The thought gave me goosebumps, and a sense of portrait revived again.

"excuse me… … Armin."

"yes?"

Armin smiled and shook his head slightly. Sirone pondered for a moment whether it was okay to ask this question. If he got it wrong, he would have done him a great disservice.

“Are you Armin… … .”

But I couldn't bear to ask. The chill of the supernatural sense penetrated deep into his bones.

“Can’t you see the eyes?”

Armin's hand, still smiling, stopped abruptly. Calmly putting down the charcoal, he turned to Sirone and said.

"yes. I can see.”

Sirone was speechless. Are the eyes really seeing? But why did Shiina-sensei not know?

Armin, who had completely turned towards Sirone, removed the cloth covering his eyes. Numerous scars were carved around the closed eyes.

'It's obvious that you're hurt, but how can you see it? No, you were covering your eyes from the start, right? But what you see is... … .'

“You must have a lot of questions about me. I will show you.”

As Armin slowly opened his eyes, Sirone's breath stopped. There were no pupils. It's hard to say that it's a substitute, but the empty eye socket was filled with bright light.

“Yes, Nade, Iruki! see that one? huh?"

Sirone slapped Nade on the thigh in a sense of urgency. But the feeling through her hands was strange. Hardness as if touching an object. Turning his head to look at his friends, he jumped up with a look of astonishment.

"Nonsense! how?"

Nade wasn't even moving. Iruki was also looking at the canvas with a smile on his face. She hurriedly moved and looked at Shiina, but it was the same. She just stayed there, as if she were a wax figure. Armin approached behind Sirone, who was in confusion.

"It's been a while since a guest came to my room."

“No way, this… … ?”

"yes. you're right. It is the magic of stopping.”

Sirone turned around with a bewildered expression. Stop is a magic that only wizards who use the speed of light can do, and throughout history, those who have reached this level have been counted on their hands. In a word, he was experiencing the absolute realm of time magic.

"Sit. Let's talk calmly. Because I have a lot of time.”

"haha… … .”

Sirone laughed awkwardly. Certainly, if time had stopped, time could be said to be infinite.

“Actually, I was nervous while drawing. You never know when Sirone-kun will come into the station field at this time.”

“How did you know I would notice?”

Armin pointed to the light embedded in his eye socket.

“The organ called the eye takes in light and reconstructs it into visual information. But I, who have no eyes, feel the world through light itself. It's a pretty terrible experience. The shape of an object that normal people perceive looks completely different to me.”

"It's called Idea."

There is no guarantee that the human senses will accept the truth. Maybe the bricks are as soft as jelly. The fire was cold, and a lover's sweet kiss might have been painful.

“Let me introduce myself properly. I am Armin of Gwangan. A sorcerer known to those in the know as the Eternal Reflector.”

“But Armin did magic when he was little… … .”

"yes. It was an unfortunate accident. He left the Oleifer School and wandered aimlessly for 15 years. A world of only darkness.” 

---------------------------------------