Missing Link(4)

sanctuary.

The ladies-in-waiting who were walking down the corridors of the Delta Head Office turned pale when they saw a man.

“Kyaaak!”

Satan, Havitz, who is now frightened at the mere mention of his name, was sitting with his back against the wall.

He gave up the 9 o'clock time killing game.

'It doesn't matter now.'

It was that level of despondency that Sirone blocked the Wizard's way at the 8 o'clock time.

It's like a parent suddenly coming to a children's playground like a fairy tale and pouring cold water on it.

'Because Wizard's parent is Sirone.'

Habitz tried to listen to the wizard's heart with God's frequency, but ultimately failed.

'It's not an easy opponent, even that child.' Therefore, it is still uncertain whether the person the Wizard loves is Sirone or himself.

“Quack!”

You're talking nonsense.

'Can you not know? Of course I love Sirone. You can tell just by looking at what you do, right? I am being taken advantage of.'

but on the other hand.

'You don't know?'

Because I've never looked directly into her heart.

'Maybe you love me. Maybe he was conscious of me and was deliberately being more friendly to Sirone.'

I know it's not.

However, if I didn't think so, I thought I would kill the Wizard right now... … .

'Why doesn't he like me?' Havitz had no choice but to admit what he wanted to do with Wizard.

"female."

Hearing the voice from the hallway, Harvitz turned his head and saw a familiar face.

“Vulcan.”

His face was haggard, but his eyes were still alive.

Harvits looked straight ahead again.

"what's the matter?"

“Your expression doesn’t make sense. Have you ever had a broken heart?”

“… … maybe."

Vulcan sat down beside Havitz.

“I don’t think I will live long. I don't even have the strength to walk anymore. Tomorrow, I will say goodbye to you too.”

"Right. bye."

Harvits sighed nonchalantly.

It wasn't that he was trying hard to treat her coldly, but it was like saying goodbye to a friend he meets and breaks up with every day.

“Cheuk, yes. How are you anyway? From what I've heard, it sounds like you have someone you like.”

“… … It's not good.”

Because he was a taciturn friend, I could see how Havitz's stomach was burning.

"why? Have you ever had a broken heart?”

“They seem interested in me and then suddenly turn cold.”

Vulcan looked at Havitz gently.

"well. you are a funny guy There are people who hate you, but no one finds you boring. If someone is bored with you... …

Blood dripped from Vulcan's mouth.

“That is really boring. It means it's not like you.”

Harvits blinked.

“You said, if you don't define anything, you'll get what you want in the end. Let's run around freely. You decided to live your life doing whatever you want.”

that's chaos

"okay."

Harvits stood up.

“I’m going to kill them all. Not just one person per hour, but everyone I see.”

It was because she was so conscious of the wizard that Sirone was able to dig into that gap.

Vulcan smiled.

“You are ready to defeat Yahweh.”

≪Eh ha

flaw*

“Try hard. We will move to kill you too. It will be pretty tough.”

"haha! Will it be so?”

Havitz aimed his longsword at Vulkan's neck.

The two stared at each other silently and were also smiling happily.

“Goodbye, Vulcan.”

Kill everyone in sight.

As Havitz's sword drew a quick yet smooth trajectory, Vulcan's throat flew away.

Even with his head rolling on the floor, he calculated the odds of this gamble.

'Geuk, this is fun.'

Havitz will not hesitate any longer, and will become a true demon and sweep through the temple.

“Havitz.”

A hoarse sound escaped from the Vulcan's throat.

“Let’s sunset… …

Leaving that voice behind, Habitz strode away from the other side of the hallway.

Didn't ask.

Vulcan's will to comfort the heartbroken self even though he knew he was dying.

Was it friendship as a best friend, or was this also a high degree of calculation?

Harvitz didn't ask.

Because that was the only joy that Havitz and Gustav 4th Art shared.

“I will kill them all.”

Ten minutes after he left the hallway, a cat-like gait approached Vulcan.

Natasha leaned her back against the wall and saw the body stretched out and the head further away.

Kneeling, she cradled the Vulcan's head in her arms, smiling with a tear-stained expression on her mouth.

“… … too bad."

And when I look up again

“Havitz.”

Her eyelidless eyes contained the deepest abyss in the world.

The temple was a mayhem.

“There have already been over 20 deaths. Habitz, it is believed to be the work of Satan.”

Havitz, who killed Balkan, slaughtered humans regardless of anything.

All the guards were mobilized, and the guards of each country were on the alert.

"huh?"

No one remembered Harvits.

“But why are we so busy? Who are you all gathering to stop?”

he didn't know

He knew that Harvitz was approaching him as he cut the throats of his comrades one by one.

“Strange. what the hell... … The guard whose heart was pierced vomited blood.

said.

“Are you waking up?” As one person died every minute, the heads of the five departments of the temple held an emergency meeting.

“Havitz is running out of control.”

“What is Yahweh doing? Hasn't he located Harvits by now?”

It takes time for Ultima to recharge because I have already activated Elikia in the Ivory Tower.

said Dorothy of the military department.

“Now we are aware of Havitz, but we don’t know when another vanishing will occur.”

“Why did you unlock your powers?” Mito Cyrano of the International Court of Justice said

“It may have the meaning of ridicule, but more than that, I think it stimulates our fear. To die without knowing it is actually not a good feeling.”

“Now is not the time to talk like everyone else. If something is not done, the vote will go unnoticed.”

The chairman was on Geese's side, so he tried to get the vote going.

Constantine from the Ministry of Religion was the first to speak.

“How long will you depend on Yahweh?”

“The Pope.”

“The root cause of this situation is because of Yahweh. He provokes Satan in the name of saving mankind, and he is unable to come up with a solution.”

he got up

“I will no longer stand by the sidelines of Lamigyo.”

“Is there a way?”

“Come in.”

As soon as the pope's words fell, the Paladins of the Anti-Magic Division of the Lamic Church attacked again.

'Now he comes and goes like his own house.' Legally, it could be a problem, but no one raised an objection to the situation in which Havitz ran amok.

“Yahweh pretends to be a god and misleads people. But God is not convinced. He himself is omniscient and omnipotent, so from now on I will prove that I am a god.”

Cyrano winked as a dazzling light spread from Constantine's body.

'It's definitely a holy energy. Quite a few demons won't even be able to dig a bone into it. but… …

She did not underestimate Yahweh's power.

'I don't know what kind of ability it is, but once an hour, that Yahweh also destroyed Havitz's banishing.' What is the Pope thinking?

It was then.

“It’s a big deal!”

When an aide in charge of an executive role came in with a pale face, the chairman was annoyed.

“What a fuss! You know where this is!”

“Bar, outside… …

“Outside. Are you talking about the protesters?”

“Not at that level.”

The aide thought for a while whether to say this, but finally opened his mouth.

“It’s a riot.”

It was past 9:00 p.m., but the number of protesters in front of the Delta headquarters increased even more.

Opponents and supporters raised their voices with a gap that seemed never to close.

“Impeach Geese! Clarify the truth!”

“The King of Jive as the representative of the holy war! Let us make Jive a world leader!”

At that moment, a new flow began to flow through the two factions.

“My God Krea! Bend over us!”

The Anti-Magic Department, which had left to investigate the pyramids, was on its way back shouting prayers.

Their expressions were pious, but their eyes were weak, as if their souls had been lost.

'Kill Maya.'

The procession of people advancing with only that mission carried the people as they were.

“What is this? Even if it's a Lamy religion, driving out protesters like this... …

The words didn't last long.

"Oh God."

The eyes of the people near the Anti-Magic Department all at once lost their focus and turned in the same direction.

“Save us.”

The propagation speed of human beings was so fast that all the protesters lost their minds in an instant.

There was only one will in their hearts that achieved the unity of the law.

'Kill Maya.'

It was God's will.

With 30 minutes left until the finale, thousands of people began to pour into the Delta.

"damn! Why are those guys like that? As if hypnotized!”

The main gate guard commanded.

“Stop! Do not approach within a radius of 100 meters! Killing is permitted!”

He didn't even feel the shame of killing civilians in front of a procession that rushed like an organism.

"rush!"

Troops clashed with protesters.

“… … Oh God."

Soon, he became a person who lost his mind and turned back to the delta they had run to.

The captain of the guard realized the seriousness of the situation.

“Report to superiors.”

"yes!"

It didn't look like it would be particularly sharp, but it was the best he could do.

“Keugh!”

The commander of the guard retreated his troops according to the speed of the slow-moving crowd.

'I can't fight. The moment you reach there... …

Death, that's what it felt like.

“God commands.”

The anti-magic department at the forefront of controlling the people raised the sacred sword and raised its voice.

“Go forward!”

“Oohhhh!” As the people rushed in with great shouts, the guards chief aimed his spear and closed his eyes tightly.

“Damn it!”

At that moment, dark-skinned warriors passed the guards at Delta's headquarters.

It was southern, tribal confederation.

“Everyone keep your heart! It is to follow the will of Yahweh!”

When they collided with the Anti-Magic Club, a situation worthy of being called a battle developed for the first time.

The guard's eyes widened.

'Uh, how?'

Can his subordinates with strong convictions overcome the sudden change?

“Back off.”

Ntara, the chieftain of the south, approached with the royal guards.

" majesty."

Ntara shook her hand.

“I am not the kind of person to be like that. I don't even want to Get his men back in the barracks. We'll take care of this.”

“I can't! Breaking through this door is like dying for me.”

“You couldn’t even die?” I knew instinctively what it felt like.

“Listen to me. They're here because they need something here. If we waste our energy here, it could be taken away at the crucial moment.”

“You mean stealing? Who the hell would do such a thing?”

" god."

The guard's expression darkened.

“A god with a mind and a god with a mind. And two beliefs following one of them. Got it? From now on, the battle that takes place here is not just a war.”

Euntara spat out.

“It is a temple.”