[245] 6. Magic Clash (5)

“I won’t let you go! I don't care about confrontation anymore!"

Closer gave up magic and attacked. If it's a physical fight, there's no way I'll lose to Iruki, isn't it? But that thought was proof that he had lost his temper.

The moment Closer punched, an explosion of 10 kilobusters exploded. As his sanity gauge dropped all the way, his knees hit the ground. If the synchro rate wasn't 50%, it would have been an instant death situation.

Closer looked up at Iruki with a bewildered face. Right away, the regime flew in and hit me in the nose. Now, even the touch of his fingertips hurts.

Tears welled up in Closer's eyes.

“Aaaagh!”

“Now, shall we make an orc soon?”

As Iruki said while stroking his fists, Closer, who suddenly came to his senses, raised his hand.

“Wait a minute! I'll admit it! i lost... … !”

Iruki's strong punch crushed his nose. Close's heavy upper body leaned back and shot the back of the head.

Iruki also frowned and wiped his hands. As expected, it didn't seem like anyone was doing anything to hit people.

“Ah, it’s a fist.”

When Etella made the victory decision, the students burst into cheers as if they had been waiting for it.

In particular, Mark and Maria were very fond of it. I felt like I had a tooth knocked out because I threw away such a nasty Closer.

'amazing. Shiro's senpai and her friends are amazing too.'

Iruki is obviously a great senior, but I never respected him with my heart. Just Servant Syndrome. He considered himself one of those common geniuses with biological privileges.

But now it was different. He couldn't help but admit his ability to play around with the closers known in the kingdom.

Although he is popular at school, he is currently being pursued by numerous women. She seemed to have a lot of people piled on Closer like Maria.

“It’s cool, Iruki-senpai! It's the best!”

"that's right! Wow, handsome!”

Iruki shrugged and stepped on the fainted Closer's cheek with his right foot. Then he calmly made a V with his fingers and gave the victory sign.

The cheers fell and stopped. No matter how much you hate it, stepping on the head of a loser. That eccentric personality would never be corrected.

Seriel, who had been watching the battle without even breathing, gulped and asked Amy.

“Sirone and friends… … Didn’t you say you were coming up next year?”

"huh. I think you said that?”

"okay. I have to graduate this year somehow. When they all make it to their senior year, it will be real competition hell.”

Seriel is also a competent person who has settled down stably in her senior year. But she couldn't take what she said as a joke.

In fact, most seniors were not laughing.

He was just sending his eyes of caution and caution to a potential competitor who would block his graduation.

'Well, I guess I should be careful too. I've felt it before... … What a great kid.'

During the Class Five days, Iruki came to visit me. He had a few words of conversation, but it seems that he turned off his nerves because it was so absurd.

But now that I think about it, it seems that the absurd words at that time were real to Iruki.

Sirone and Nade ran to Iruki with shocked faces. In particular, Sirone had no choice but to admit that the secret weapon to defeat him was not a lie.

Of course, it was extremely difficult to calculate the returned glass, but once the analysis was done, it was clear that no mage would be in the mood to fight Iruki.

“Iruki, you are really amazing. I got goosebumps watching it.”

"I know. You kept it a secret from us, when did you practice?”

“Today is the first time I actually used it. I was caught by my father during vacation and I only solved the formula to die. I thought I would be able to do well once I got into practice, but when I actually tried it, it became easy as expected.”

If it was like any other time, I would have put my head on it, but I couldn't hate it as much as today.

With this, victory and defeat were tied, and the desired result of sending Sirone to Dante was achieved.

Dante walked over as Sabina woke the fainting Closer. However, the person he spoke to was not Shirone, but Iruki.

“I saw a good game. cancellation. Impressive.”

“Isn’t that already in trouble? It will be more impressive in your match.”

Dante snorted. Cancellation is the highest level that is impossible even for pros. In the end, the first place in the advanced class was neither Boyle nor Sirone. It was Iruki.

“I thought it was over when I left the Royal Magic School, but talent doesn't die. so I'm even more sorry It would have been a better match if I had stuck with you.”

It was as if Sirone didn't care. In fact, he was thinking that promoting a rematch with Iruki would help the box office.

“I see what you mean. But with that kind of complacency, it must be hard to beat Sirone, right?”

"haha! I? To this country chicken? If you're at your level, you'll know. It never happens.”

“Do you know why I left Baska? Because I thought there was no one who could stop me there.”

Dante's expression crumpled. It was a remark that blasphemed not only himself but also the entire Royal Academy of Magic.

“I don’t know now, but I thought so at the time. That no one can control the hazardous substances in my head.”

"so? Are there people like that here?”

“I met two people. One refused but one accepted. that's sirone I don't care what your impression is, but if you think you're the best and all, you'll be in the worst mood for next week's showdown."

Dante turned his gaze to Sirone. Why does everyone rate this child so highly?

At first, I thought it was simply because he was an unlocker. However, if he was a genius enough to use cancellation, he wouldn't judge by such a low standard.

The students who had been listening to the conversation between the two became agitated.

It was revealed during the speed gun test last semester that Shirone was the person to stop Iruki from running amok. However, Iruki said that he had met the two of them.

“Who the hell are you, the only one left?”

“Isn’t it senior Amy? There were rumors like that before. Iruki is sniping Amy-senpai.”

There were several other characters besides Amy, but it was unknown unless Iruki revealed it.

Anyway, the second confrontation ended with a complete victory for Iruki.

The hearts of the students returning home were pounding. Now next week was the highlight of the big match, Sirone vs Dante.

He supported Sirone in his heart, but he had no choice but to raise Dante's hand with objective power.

A splendid record of 472 wins in 472 matches. Time seemed to slow down the next week.

@

The day I've been waiting for day by day has arrived.

Since morning, the school has been busy welcoming new guests.

The students tidied up their quarters, washed themselves, and put on their best clothes.

Killin, a correspondent for the Teachers' Association, entered Alpheas Magic School accompanied by a video recorder. When she saw the students gathered in the training room for 2,000 times in advance, she put a smile on her face.

'Even at the local school, Dante's reputation is awesome. I have a few hours left to start.'

Killline cuts between Mark and Maria, who are waiting in line, and enters the practice room.

"sorry. I'm a correspondent. I'll go in first.”

Maria looked up curiously.

“Wow, that guy is the kill line. I only heard her name in an academic journal, but she is more beautiful than I thought.”

“Hmph, I heard that you are a die-hard Dante follower. They are like enemies to us.”

As the match time approached, the practice field was opened. Sirone also entered after waiting in line with her friends at the entrance.

The stage was splendidly decorated to make the word unofficial confrontation colorless. The rumor that the event company was called last night to arrange it seemed to be true.

The sleek physics blocks were free of dust, and even torches were installed to create an atmosphere.

A video recorder was installed at a location where the practice field could be seen at a glance. It was a device that could capture the passage of time, unlike an optical camera that recorded a moment in time.

According to Nade's explanation, the optical crystal used in the video recorder is called Obscura B, which is 200 times more expensive than Obscura A used in optical cameras.

It is a mineral that occurs in ultra-low-temperature darkrooms and is highly valuable because it cannot be synthesized through alchemy.

As such, Obscura B is being handled by the government, and for use, it has to be approved by the relevant authorities.

“In a nutshell, we decided that it was worth capturing Sirone's confrontation in the kingdom. If you win this confrontation, your name will really be known throughout the kingdom.”

While Ned was excited about his work, Iruki calmly faced reality.

“The approval must have been given to include Dante, not Sirone. There aren't many wizards who can handle information magic as well as Dante. I’m thinking of using it as a teaching material for the Royal Magic School.”

“Sheesh! It doesn't matter anyway Because Sirone will win. Is that right, Sirone?”

Sirone wanted to smile, but the corner of her mouth didn't go up well. After a while, she gets into a fight with Dante. Although she was determined to do her best, she was not an opponent who could be sure of the outcome.

On the way, I met Canis and Arin. She said she was not interested as a habit, but it seemed that she was interested in today's confrontation.

The front seats in the 2,000 were reserved for teachers and officials, so Mark and Maria reserved their seats in the second row. Amy and Seriel were also occupying their seats early on.

As Sirone walked in, Mark nodded.

“Hello, senior!”

“Sirone! Sirone is here!”

When Seriel ran like a puppy meeting her owner, holding Sirone's hand and bringing her back, Amy examined Sirone's face. He wasn't nervous, but he wasn't relaxed either.

Canis, who was following Sirone, raised her hand when she saw Amy. It was the first time we saw each other in one place, even though we had known each other while passing by because we had been busy with each other since we returned from heaven.

“Hey, Pumpkin. long time no see."

“Where is this for seniors? Aren’t you going to call me senior?”

The two, who were enemies in heaven, were the same at school.

“Don’t be too tight. Then should I call Arin sunbaenim too?”

In fact, Arin was at a loss as to how to greet them.

“Of course Arin is an exception! Every time I see you, you keep trying to get involved with Arin, but that doesn't work for me!"

Sirone interceded.

"now. It's good if everyone is friendly. But why do you two fight every time you meet?”

Canis and Amy shouted, pointing at each other.

“You scratch your temper first!”

Sirone forgot the tension of the confrontation and laughed. Well, it was a bad relationship that started when Arcane invaded the school. Just keeping her friends was on the side of no end.

Mark and Maria, distant juniors, could not participate in the conversation and were watching from afar.

After putting them together in one place, the sirone line was also the top class in school. At least in Mark's eyes, the seven of them felt like a walking legion.

At that time, Dante's party, which could be called another legion, approached from the other side.

Mark glared at them and burst out laughing. It was because he was quite different from when he first transferred.

Sabina looked weak and Closer had a bandage on her face.

'Quack. It's ugly, fools. That's why you shouldn't touch the sirone line.'

Dante fixed his gaze on Amy first. She was so pretty that she couldn't help but be conscious of it. It didn't really make her shine, but it felt like only she was clear.

The red-faced Karmis family. Besides, before entering the graduating class, he overwhelmingly beat Boyle and Pandora in first place. If she had to welcome someone to be her queen here, there was no one more suited to her than she was.

"hello. The reputation of the Karmis family is well known. My name is Air servant Dante.”

"okay. I hope you will work hard and get good results.”

---------------------------------------