[34] Teleportation(5)

Teleportation Lab.

Students arrived one after another at the peak of 1,000 meters above sea level. Since there were no classes, not only the children of Class 7, but also the students of upper classes flocked to check the results.

After today, one student from Class 7 will be promoted to Class 5. 

Considering that it usually takes two years to pass one class, it was said that in the worst case, a student at least four years younger would be brought up as a classmate.

"wow! This is a bridge you cannot cross. I'm here for the first time."

The students who participated in the promotion test were amazed at the enormous scale of the practice room. Teachers and students were also gathered on the opposite peak, 700 meters away.

“But why is there a bridge you can’t cross? Where are your legs?”

“Idiot, there you are.”

A long iron rod was connecting the peaks to the peaks. As the length increases, the tension decreases. Just the fact that the 700-meter-long rod stretched out made it clear that it was an alchemical substance.

A few students walked to the cliff and looked down. Contrary to what the teachers said, there was no safety device or anything similar.

"what's this? Won't you die if you fall?"

Said Sade, who jumped over the peak with spatial movement.

“You don't have to worry. Because the safety device is sure.”

Students could not be relieved. In fact, I heard that there are cases where students have died during teleportation practice at other schools.

“How does it work?”

“When you fall 100 meters, the air net magic is automatically activated. I designed it to be invisible because I don’t get nervous when the safety device is visible.”

“What if something breaks down?”

"ha ha ha! I can't say that it doesn't happen. But that hasn't happened yet.”

"So there's no guarantee that you're absolutely safe?"

“Hmm, so to speak.”

The students' faces turned pale. Then Sade turned around with a satisfied expression. Even if the safety device is broken, the accident will not happen. For that reason, all advanced classes were stopped and teachers were called.

But even if an accident did happen, it was unavoidable. The magic school was a special purpose school supported by the kingdom, so it was a rule not to ask for fault even if you were injured or died during class. The students were already familiar with this fact and applied for the advanced class.

“It’s been a really long time coming here. Amy, let's go over there."

Seriel took Amy's hand and climbed the hill. Amy seemed to hate her, but she eventually moved on as she led her, she said.

“Because I don’t want to see you. It must be at the level of Class 7.”

“Oh, boy! What are you talking about on the day when your boyfriend proudly climbs into Class Five? On a day like this, when will I get points if my lover doesn't cheer me on?”

“Sheesh! No matter how much you cheer, those who pass pass and those who fail fail, what.”

Amy pretended to be bold, but on the inside, she was quite concerned. How much did she raise the level of her teleportation in one month? Is it really possible to teleport?

Practice was the best way to learn the sense of teleportation. However, since the process is so painful, most of them learn the tricks first according to the advice of competent people.

On the other hand, Amy was the type to learn by literally bumping into her body. Of course, she didn't suffer much because she learned the schema from a young age.

'But it's not Sirone. I'm not the type to give up either. I should be in good shape.'

Although not as much as Sirone, Class 7 had quite a few notable talents. Depending on the situation, it wouldn't be strange even if Sirone fell.

"uh? But I guess Sirone hasn't come yet?"

When Seriel looked through the telescope at the peak, Amy hurriedly grabbed the telescope. True to her word, Sirone was nowhere to be seen among the 20 students standing on her precipice.

"what? What happened?"

“Couldn’t it be a failure?”

I couldn't predict. He believed in it because he was a sirone, but in fact, it was not a magic that was easy enough to learn by self-taught.

'This idiot... … Where the hell are you doing?'

* * *

Sirone opened her eyes to the stinging sunlight. Unlike usual, the visibility was low and the sky was high. A jay jumped in front of her eyes, and her spirits flashed.

“Aww! what's this!"

I looked around and found myself in the middle of the training ground. He had been sleeping ever since he collapsed last night.

I slept only 3 hours every day and studied, and for the rest of the week, I worked hard on my body, so it was as good as fainting.

'Promotion test!'

Cold sweat ran down Sirone's spine. Without a moment to feel discouraged, he kicked off the ground and jumped out. To climb 1,000 meters above sea level, I had to run unconditionally, regardless of condition.

'please! please!'

The Bridge I Can't Cross (1)

“Let’s begin, Headmaster.”

“Um, sure.”

As Shiina fired her lighting magic toward the sky, tension rose in the practice room. Etella, checking the lights on the peak opposite her, said, turning to her students.

“When the teacher gives a signal, run to the cliff. Whoever has gone the farthest by teleportation can pass the promotion test.”

The students swallowed dry saliva. The difficulty of the bridge that cannot be crossed is level 1, and there are no obstacles, but the horror of flying in the air is beyond imagination.

Leaving the ranking, you need to connect at least 70 teleportation times to safely step on the ground. Besides, if the rhythm was broken in the middle, even the spirit zone would disappear due to the fear of falling.

'I can't cross anyway. I'm sure I'll fall eventually, but what if the safety device doesn't work?'

It is human psychology to not believe even if I tell them that it is safe, so most of the students stiffened with tension. The only ones who could afford it were Mark and the operation team.

'joy. I practiced every day. As long as it's not interrupted, seventy times is enough.'

The variable was Sirone's absence. It is true that Mark's dedicated mage reported Sirone's slow progress, but he couldn't believe it until he saw it with his own eyes. But when this happened, he thought that he was nervous about the insignificant guy.

'Teleportation. I couldn't get used to it. Well, from the beginning, he was a guy who didn't have much to do except for the Spirit Zone.'

It was Amy who was most nervous about Sirone's absence. His bold appearance had disappeared and he was wandering around the cliff uneasy.

"what! What happened! Why aren't you coming!”

“Amy, look over there!”

Seriel pointed to the peak on the other side. When Amy checked through the telescope, Sirone was running towards the top. No matter where she rolled, her clothes were full of dust and her face was floating blue as if she couldn't even breathe.

“Where did you come from and what did you do? That fool!”

Seriel let out a sigh of relief and said.

“I’m glad though. Arrive in time. But you must be tired, will you be okay?”

"I don't know! What do you know! I'm just glad I didn't drop out!"

Anyway, seeing as I arrived at the test site, it seemed that I was able to teleport. Seeing her lips parted and her arms black and blue bruised, I was drawn to Shirone's penance. Amy regained her composure and looked around her.

“It is quite windy today. It will be a difficult test.”

Teleportation, though not as much as the flying magic fly, was not completely free from wind speed or air pressure. It was going to be a test in which one should not lose concentration even for a second.

The students who were waiting for the exam hardened their faces when Sirone appeared. I felt like I was hit in the back of the head at the moment when I thought I had given up and was careless.

“Sheesh! That kid did that on purpose. I mean to confuse you.”

“He pretends to be innocent, but he is very cunning. Do you want to be promoted even if you do such a cowardly thing?”

It's true that it shocked the children's spirits, but Sirone's physical strength was discharged, so it was rather a loss.

Etella was troubled when she saw Sirone gasping for breath. I arrived before the start of the test, so there is no problem with qualifications, but the test should evaluate your skills in an equal situation.

'Would there be any problems with fairness if we proceed as it is?'

She shot an orange light magic into the sky. Blue was ready, red was testing, and orange was a question mark.

The teachers who confirmed Etella's flares shared their opinions. There were conflicting opinions about the need to start right away and the need to give a break even for 10 minutes.

“What do you think, principal?”

Alpheas was adamant.

“Let it begin. Adjusting one's physical condition is a student's ability ahead of an exam. It doesn't look like we're going to go out.”

"All right. then… … .”

Shiina conveyed her will to continue with the red light. Sirone intervened among the students standing in a row. The person who kindly stepped aside was the tactical team that Mark planted.

All students were nervous. No matter how much special training I received, running a 1,000-meter cliff was another matter. An unknown world equal to everyone. I didn't know what I would see, how I would feel, how afraid I would be when the sky spread out under my feet.

“Then, from now on, we will start the early promotion test for Class 7. Get ready.”

The students took a running stance. Around the time I could only hear the sound of my heart beating, Etella cast lighting magic.

With a popping sound, a red orb soared into the sky. The teachers across the street flipped through the files and prepared to record, and the students kicked off the ground without saying anything first and ran out.

'head! I have to take the lead!'

'It's not like there's no possibility if I hit first place!'

Most of the students had similar thoughts. Then, Sirone, who lost strength in his legs, had no choice but to fall behind relatively.

But there is still a chance to make up for it. This is because it depends on each person's determination to decide where to cast teleportation before the cliff. The best start is to jump off a cliff and then teleport.

But how many people can really do that? In addition to being the starting point of the highest tension, the bridge that could not be crossed was at an altitude of one kilometer above sea level.

Wind speed, wind direction, barometric temperature, etc. All environments are different from practice. If he flew up with his bare body and the magic failed, that was the end. It is human nature to want to start on the ground where there is a chance for a comeback.

As Sirone expected, when there were 5 meters left to the cliff, the students who could not stand the fear first cast teleportation and started to fly away. Then the rest of the students followed one after another. In the group that maintained the lead, Mark and his party were the only ones who did not stop.

'no! little bit more!'

He stomped his feet, suppressing the rising fear. Sirone must be aiming for the best start. If so, he needed a starting point equal to him.

'Can I? What if it falls?'

Even though I clenched my teeth and made up my mind, the tingling feeling did not go away. When the operation team escorting Mark could not hold out and was shot with a flash of light, he also eventually cast teleportation.

With more than half of the students off the cliff, Sirone was still running. That's why the operation team, which was keeping pace with Sirone, felt like their blood was drying up.

If you continue like this, you will fall off a cliff. At the point where there were two steps left to the cliff, the operation team eventually cast magic first. Even so, Sirone continued to stomp. He understood the nature of the danger, and fear was no hindrance to him.

This is the point where the first turn has not yet been completed. If I had a good start, I could have made up for the part I fell behind on the ground.

---------------------------------------