[445] The Day of the Full Moon (9)

avant-garde.

In terms of human standards, the design of Geumgang Armed Forces was so bold and beautiful that it was close to innovation.

Metallic bands passed asymmetrically across the organic armor that adhered to the curves of the body, and a red cloak that was as intense as flames flowed down from head to toe.

The gloves made of bone material were connected like the joints of an insect and covered the fingertips, and the fingernails were sharp like awl.

Aside from the artificial brain, pupils that were clearly Akamai's were inserted and were glaring at Garas.

'done! I can catch it with this!'

Armand's additional functions were directly installed in Sirone's head through the Ultima system.

While competing with Satan, he had already raised the limits of his mental transcendence, but this time there were various options that were incomparable to it.

“Big!”

Unable to break free from the antithesis, Garas secreted a violent pheromone.

The moment the sour smell spread, all the Garas waiting around rushed at Sirone according to the king's order.

"Dangerous!"

Flew used Fire Mist, the nemesis of living things, to create a shield of fire, but Garas' obedience was blind enough to be compared to that of an inanimate object.

The only thing they were aiming for was Sirone, and they launched a series of attacks from all directions, ignoring the melting flesh.

wide!

As Sirone lowered her fist and cast magic, the space was cut out like a curtain of light exploding.

The power of the wide width, which was further strengthened by the strengthening of the law of the S-class creature Jinmai Sikjong Galtomic, was comparable to the durability of an iron plate.

Even the bones of the Garras who were beaten 40 times per second were crushed and cut into pieces as if they were being beaten with a flail.

After confirming that point, Fleur stopped the battle and broke away from the battle line to stay behind Sirone.

Garras must have consumed all the living things in the basement of the headquarters.

Due to the nature of their fertility rising exponentially, it was clear that even if they defeated the enemies in the laboratory, they would be flooded in endlessly.

'I can't hold on to the phoenix pavilion. This is not a problem that can be solved on my own line.'

Her position in the project is always a supporter.

Although he assists his teammates with his versatile mission performance, it was not enough to deal with the countless Garas.

Of course, Sirone also participated in the project as a terminator that destroys key factors and facilities, but now it has gone far beyond that level.

Literally, a biological weapon in which all kinds of traits are gathered.

Even among the thousands of different species of Garas, it has evolved into a powerful figure that cannot find its natural enemies.

“Quaaaaaa!”

The giant lizard vomited flames and melted Armand, but the armor was soon restored with the regenerative ability of Kenser, an infinite cell proliferator.

Realizing that it was not going to be easy, the monsters of the feline family attacked the group with sharp teeth and claws.

Then, the metal of Ringer, a type of armored mineral with the strongest durability, was created, making Sirone a flawless fortress.

Kang! Kang! Kang!

Unmatched hardness.

As all of Garras' offensive weapons were destroyed, painful screams echoed through the laboratory.

The silvery metal became organic again, and the ends of the cloak twisted into red tentacles.

At the tip of the tentacles that lashed out at enemies were the teeth of Kuzen the Eater, which ingested organic matter to generate volatile energy.

As her teeth meshed together like an ankle trap and bit into Garras, an explosive force surged through Shirone's body.

Sirone kicked off the ground and burrowed into the group of Garas, and launched an attack by linking the shotgun movement.

As the flash passed, all status values ​​such as size, power, mass, and speed increased, and the flesh of Garas ruptured just by brushing.

“Kiaaaaa!”

The King of Garas, who was looking for an opportunity in the midst of the deaths of his subordinates, jumped out and cast a spell.

As the air compressed, winds sharper than blades rushed in.

Tititting!

Dozens of silver lines were drawn on Sirone's armor along the wind's scratches.

It was Ringer's metal that did not break even in Etela's Yin-Yang Wave Fist, so even the wind did not enter it.

“I’ll swallow you whole!”

Garras pressed Sirone's shoulders and opened his jaw joint to the limit.

Just as he was about to rip off Sirone's face with his sharp teeth, the cybernetic and other antitheses were activated.

“Aagh!”

When Garas couldn't move with his tongue pulled out, Sirone gathered his spirit and prepared for a counterattack.

Galtomic's abilities amplified the law, and the large photon cannon, a meter in diameter, compressed with a pop.

"thing… … !”

The energy of the flash created by its mass and speed burned Garras' body until it was reduced to ashes.

“Kyik! Kiik!”

When the king of the tribe died, the Garas group became confused.

Garras was willing to die in the face of the desire to reproduce, but what stood in front of them now was a predator that transcended living things.

Few of them were willing to fight Sirone to the end, and most chose to turn around and escape through the door.

“It's a big deal! They can't get out!”

When Garas leaves the underground laboratory, the nearby ecosystem completely collapses.

No, the scale of the damage would be beyond imagination if there were no alien species that blocked their influence.

'I have no choice but to try.'

Sirone activated Armand's last option.

As the halo of black and white colors rotated above her head, it began to calculate Sirone's desires.

Valhalla action.

The time for desire to reach the result has been conveyed as a vague feeling.

When approval was granted, Sirone deployed the magic circle without delay.

Ataraxia skipped the integration process and was born right in front of you, and a photon cannon was automatically created and fired forward.

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

Flu closed his eyes and turned his head at the incident that happened without even having time to prepare.

A flash of light so bright that it paralyzed the eye muscles exploded, and a roar rushed forward.

The duration of the flash is 3 seconds.

In a time that would take a long time to count, the extreme mass wave swept away everything that stood in the way.

Flew, who had covered his ears and could not move for a long time, slowly opened his eyes and turned his head.

It was truly a magnificent view.

As if a lump of clay had been cut into chunks with a knife, the clogged laboratory was punctured in the form of a flash of light.

My mouth fell open in front of a scale that was too natural to be considered human-made.

Light leaked in from the torn ceiling, and Garras' corpse was nowhere to be seen.

“Big!”

Sirone glared forward with a twisted nose.

The time for Sirone to become incapacitated to fill in the cause for the result is approximately 23 seconds.

It was a figure that could be obtained thanks to raising the threshold of mental transcendence while forming an unified mindset with Armand.

Flew muttered in disbelief.

“To think that even an angel’s power was absorbed.”

Even if it is an equivalent exchange of cause and effect, the reversal of cause and effect is a tremendous event for a being who cannot go against the flow of time.

In particular, if the archangel's ability, Super Magic Amplification, can be deployed immediately, the degree of inability to act cannot be called a disadvantage.

Once the Photon Cannon passes through Ataraxia, few creatures will survive in front of its power.

Sirone, who waited 23 seconds in a comfortable state, exhaled heavily as soon as the restraint was released.

After disarming the diamond and returning to the form of a sword, Armand emitted a strange glow.

Sirone used the rated control to float the sword in front of her eyes and took a closer look.

It was a color that looked like blood flowing through metal, so it was a bit grotesque, but addictive enough to make it hard to take your eyes off it.

<Magic Sword Armand> Ultima Version (Feature equipped: 6)

1. Ikasa's Valhalla action: Equivalent exchange of cause and effect. Automatic calculation of exchangeability.

2. Ringer's Skin: Creates a super-strong metal substance. automatic response.

3. Galtomic's magical power amplification: Explosive strengthening of the law.

4. Kuzen's Eating Metabolism: Volatile energy is generated by ingesting organic substances.

5. Absolute Restoration of Kensor: Maximizes Cell Regeneration Rate.

6. Akamai's Antithesis: Suppresses the target's actions by reversing the law.

After arranging the functions of Armand in her head, Sirone suddenly realized what she had overlooked.

A total of 8 creatures were combined, but only 6 options were added.

Excluding the main type Armand, looking back at the missing traits, it was Lacey's.

'What happened? Ilhwa's sake would have been perfect. Is it because the trait is not absorbed because it is a square mara?'

Flew put his hand on the shoulder of the thoughtful Sirone.

"Are you okay? Are you okay with fighting like this?”

Her voice trembled with excitement as she watched Sirone's formidable dance up close.

Sirone's fighting power with Armand's ability was strong enough to be used even in the battle against Heaven.

Most encouraging of all, he was a Terminator who had to deliver an unprecedented blow to heaven.

What she fears the most is that she is killed by someone before she can cast Divine Punishment.

However, if he had the power to protect himself, the success rate of his mission would also be greatly increased.

"I'm OK. The lungs have also recovered. however… … Is Garas really annihilated?"

Flew looked at the spot where the flash had passed.

“Since we were the only creatures capable of breeding in the lab, everyone must have been running here.”

“But there are exceptions.”

“No, it probably won't happen. Can a person who has starved for 10 days smell meat and not come running? Because Garras' needs are much bigger than that.”

Several people's faces appeared through the cracks in the ceiling.

They were survivors buried in rubble.

Sirone let out a sigh of relief.

Today's incident could have been the starting point for the unification of the rebels if there was someone who could prove the evil deeds of the Raysis.

“Are you all right? What happened to the commander?"

“Dead, everything.”

The crew listened to the interpretation with the drone that Sirone had launched and nodded their heads bitterly.

It is fortunate that the mad commander who used even his subordinates as a test subject died, but the damage to the headquarters was irreversible.

As Sirone came up to the ground, the miserable survivors gathered in a circle.

The commander died and even the officers were annihilated.

Now, the only person they could rely on was the light of Area 73, Sirone.

“Nephilim, what should we do now?”

“Please be our commander. It's something only you can do.”

It was my honest feeling that I didn't like it.

It was strangely ironic that those who denied Ankera and gathered in Purgatory tried to deify someone again.

'That could be easier. but… … .'

It is also a dangerous thing.

When you leave judgment to others, humans commit more cruel things than humans.

"All right. We will carry out an operation to unite the rebels, so go back and get treatment.”

It wasn't a way I liked, but when the eyes of the miserable crew members came alive, I thought it was all right.

Gaold's project was the most important thing, and sticking to one's own ideas would be a dangerous ideal.

'It's over.'

That's how the work at 2nd Command came to an end.

The two successfully completed their task, but silence fell between them.

There were still heavy things in my heart.

life, living things, human beings.

In Purgatory, where humans are also just a species, in what sense do we exist?

'Laysis... … .'

How can we explain that she, who preached the meaninglessness of the body, was in fact obsessed with it the most?

Is reason a product of evolution beyond animal nature, or is it just another desire created to hide desire?

Tired of endless questions, Sirone sighed and looked up at the sky.

A fly that had escaped from the basement was flying up.

(end of volume 18)

---------------------------------------