[623] Scout Reporting (4)

“Huh uh uh uh!”

Sirone's pupils completely dilated, and his mind swelled enormously, as if everything in the world were sucked into it.

In the amplification that could be called an explosion, he felt like a giant who had swallowed the world.

'Photon Cannon!'

A flash of light that seemed to swallow a human whole came out and struck the basilisk head-on.

At the same time as the blow, the reptile's face was buried in its neck and its entire torso was pushed back.

“That… … What is it?”

It was the first time anyone in the school had seen the power of meat bullets through Ataraxia.

“Impact. how many?”

At Baikal's question, Elizabeth was silent.

The 2,000 main system never lies, but it was so unrealistic that I couldn't spit out the numbers I received.

'Never stop!'

After defeating the enemy in front of her eyes, Sirone flew towards the center of the battlefield.

With just one shot movement, the Colosseum was split into 8 equal parts.

As if it had been erased with an eraser, the spot where the flash passed was cleared, and the spectacle of the flickering sphere-shaped beams without a central point was reminiscent of a planetary explosion.

“Crazy child! That's against the rules!"

Sirone's body did not change, but the participants felt as if they were facing a huge being.

The wyverns wrapped in the shining chains were smashed to the ground with their necks and spines broken at the same time, and the ogres were crushed by the photon cannons that rained down like meteorites.

“Shock amount! Report!”

When the frustrated Baikal shouted, Elizabeth hurriedly came to her senses and said.

"Ah yes! Photon Cannon single impact 2.3 million crashes! horsepower level... … !”

It took me a while to read the numbers that flashed on my retina.

“We are now crossing 170 million!”

“170 million?”

It increased the power, changed the system, and this time it was like transcending the scale itself.

“Evaluator, at this level… … .”

"I know. My eyes are not crooked.”

Now Baikal had no choice but to admit it.

'It's not a power that can be used from the beginning. And yet... … Do you mean to hold on?'

I shuddered when I thought of how enormous the human mind could contain.

“Please evaluate.”

Elizabeth's voice was full of recall.

“F.”

Lara tilted her head at the unexpected evaluation.

“No matter how transcendental power it is, there is no change in denying the meaning of self-denial survival.”

“But this… … .”

“However, let me add one thing.”

Baikal continued.

“If number 27 could not stop until the end… … .”

If you can destroy the existing system.

“Even if it’s not me, scouts all over the world will be highly praised.”

It was the only way Miro suggested.

'I have to go up to the highest possible level!'

Even in the midst of everyone's fascination, the number of creatures called the king of a species was rapidly decreasing.

'Sona Explosion!'

When the magic was cast directly on coordinates other than the target, several monsters were caught in a mass storm and disappeared.

Tier 5 was almost wiped out and even the number of Tier 4 was reduced to 10 units, and the participants were finally able to look at the battlefield from the scout's point of view.

'They know us as idiots!'

At first, I thought it would be enough if I got tired of doing it, but if I continued like this, I would become Sirone's maid and the first evaluation would be over.

'Fight.'

When the participants who changed their stance were about to charge towards the enemy, Fermi cast one of his trump cards, the Great Earthquake Magic, Super Disruption.

As the entire radius where the two thousand times system was applied was split, the huge monsters were crushed while being eaten by the earth.

"why?"

Participants who looked back at Fermi realized quickly.

'I see. It can't last long anyway.'

If Ataraxia was a magic power booster, Sirone's gigantic mind would inevitably run into its limits, and when I thought about it sensibly, that time would not be long at all.

'Come on, Sirone. What are you going to do now?'

I can't even dare to guess the aftermath of the aftermath when the mental expansion of the six bullet world is over.

Therefore, Sirone would want to jump as many steps as possible in this state, and if so, Fermi would have to block that desire.

'Enjoy the break you so much wanted. Wouldn't it be difficult if only you installed it?'

When the creature is destroyed, 30 seconds will be given, and in the meantime, the mental power that has been amplified by the physical bullets will be calmed down.

When Super Eruption stopped, the 2,000 system returned the ground to its original state.

As the participants stared blankly at the clean Colosseum, Fermi clapped and said,

“Well then, let’s take a little break… … .”

- Enter the 8th stage of self-denial survival.

"what?"

Fermi stopped talking, and the participants looked around the corner of the Colosseum.

“Big!”

Still engulfed in the power of amplification, Sirone groaned and clenched her fists.

"It's up there."

A single basilisk wrapped in a shining chain slowly descended from the high sky.

“I won’t be swayed by you anymore.”

Fermi said with a rotten smile.

“Even if I do, nothing will change.”

Sirone put her hand on the basilisk's face without saying anything.

'A cancer ball.'

When the black sphere was born, the monster's limbs trembled, then it disintegrated into code and was sucked into the darkness.

"Wake! It’s our 8th step now!”

Tier 3 creatures had already encroached on the Colosseum.

It wasn't as gigantic or hideous as Tier 4, but rather it proved that it was a demon based on magic, not the function of a creature.

“What are so many!”

240 tier 3 mid-level demons, such as Dream Succubus, Half-Body Vampire, Sleeping Horse Sandman, and Evil Spirit Larva, were summoned and began to attack the participants.

The reason why the number of summoned objects was higher than in the previous stage was because they were mid-level demons, but considering their special magical power that could not be converted into numerical values, the difficulty level did not make sense.

"damn! Let's fight!”

It was not a level to last 10 minutes with a nunchi fight, and the participants were scattered in the powerful demon attack.

'Saint Barrier!'

As dozens of vampires cornered Eden and brandished their claws, a strong wind blew as if caught in a storm.

A short distance away, the succubus pounded Eden's defenses by shooting magical storms, the concentration of pure magical energy.

“It is enduring the physical power of a vampire and the magical power of a succubus at the same time. Awesome.”

Contrary to the praise, Elizabeth's voice became less lively.

'Spiral hunter!'

Due to Luman's crowd control magic, the ground twisted like a whirlpool and swallowed the lower body of the succubus.

'Wailing Wall!'

Then, when a huge barrier was blocked to block the surroundings, Binder fired a series of prescribed magic.

“Wind Cutter!”

Even magic that anyone could do was under the buff of Suabi, so the power was terrifying, and finally one succubus was extinguished.

“A combination of 16, 18 and 20. It's a good team.”

“It seems that the middle-ranking students of the graduating class formed an alliance. Each organ is living properly.”

He deserved to be praised for catching a tier 3 demon, but Baikal didn't say much.

I watched countless graduation exams, but it was the first time I felt the standards themselves collapse like today.

'In the end, everyone is watching only one person.'

Not only the spectators, but even the scouts from other countries were voicing their voices about participation number 27.

The demons surrounding Eden exploded all at once, and the value of one photon cannon exceeded the strength of the Binder team.

“That way, there is no need for strategy or tactics.”

Making the value of technology meaningless was the true intention of unlocker and scale magic.

- The 8th stage of self-denial survival is over. After 30 seconds, step 9 is entered.

At the same time as hearing the guidance of the 2000 number system, Sirone, who had completed the amplification of the bullet system, dropped to his knees.

“Ugh.”

The pain that seemed like his whole body would break was nothing compared to the shock of his torn mind.

'30 seconds. I have to recover my sanity within 30 seconds.'

I tried my best to concentrate, but my thoughts went blank, as if half of my brain had been blown away, and my consciousness was still far away.

“This one is serious.”

Baikal said while looking at Sirone who was out of breath.

“It’s a 30-second opportunity that I risked my life to get. But can we make it up?”

'26 seconds. 25 seconds.'

Like a dried-up well, there was no sign of his mana filling up, and it seemed as if every second passed by.

'21 seconds. 20 seconds. please… … !'

Sirone held onto his trembling wrist and closed his eyes tightly.

'Please recover! I have to recover!'

19 seconds. 18 seconds.

Everyone in the Colosseum, including the scouts and spectators, was looking at Sirone.

“Huh! black!”

I tried my best to swallow the tears that burst out without my knowledge, but it was like pouring water into a bottomless jar.

“Sirone… … .”

Amy bit her lip, and Iruki looked at Shirone without even blinking.

“Help Sirone!”

shouted Nade.

“Suabi, please. Cast a recovery spell on Sirone!”

It was an impossible proposition because her utility was monopolized by Binder.

“Pony! Please refresh... … .”

Nade then approached Pony and begged.

“I can give you a refresher. If there is a reward equivalent to that.”

“I will reward you! whatever you ask me to do... … !”

“But the person in question won’t want it. I don’t want to become enemies with Sirone from the first evaluation.”

Iruki said in a cold voice.

"Nade, the more you do this, the more you ruin Sirone's future."

"I… … Ruin it?”

Nade looked back at Sirone, who was crouching down and breathing.

'I'm having such a hard time... … .'

why the hell

How great is a wizard's license?

“That student has been really spectacle since before.”

They were the spectators who looked after all the contestants seriously, but Nade was like a circus monkey.

“That’s right. It's a test of life, so you have to be serious. Everyone is fighting for their lives, but pretending to take care of their friends alone. The basic requirements are less.”

Ned's mother, Teria, blushed at the accusations pouring in from her parents.

“I’m going to be embarrassed. So you said I wouldn't come. Even seeing her mother living in poverty like this, she doesn’t think about earning money, and she’s just looking for an excuse to go to school.”

“I am proud.”

Looking at his son, Ballroom smiled pitifully.

“Would you mind? So I can't earn a single penny.”

To be with Teria, I had to learn patience.

'16 seconds. please. 15 seconds. please!'

As half of the break had passed, a look of despair hung over Sirone's face.

“What is your horsepower level?”

Elizabeth's eyes lit up.

“Still zero. It will be difficult to recover in time.”

“… … The attempt was good, will it end with something like that?”

'12 seconds. 11 seconds.'

- It is the mind that controls the mind.

'The secret of impermanence!'

Suddenly recalling the secret technique Zulu had taught her, Sirone slowly closed her eyes and puffed out her lungs.

'Inhale. Exhale.'

to focus on breathing.

Graduation exams, competitions, magic recovery, and the life of a wizard are put down and only focus on being alive.

“Whoa… … . Whoa... … .”

When the agony disappeared, the torn mind began to cling to itself like a lie.

'There is nothing important in this universe.'

that is carelessness.

“Evaluator, the magical power level… … It is going up again.”

Elizabeth's eyes were shocked.

“One million magicles. 2.2 million magicle. That's a tremendous recovery rate.”

"Nonsense."

Baikal shook his head for the first time.

It is impossible for the human mind to recover in such a short time in a state that has already broken through and exploded.

'Sirone, what are you... … What kind of life did you live?'

It was a top secret.

'Inhale... … .'

The world is sucked into dots.

“Exhale… … .”

The world expands infinitely.

Although they have not been able to sense it 2,000 times, the audience was accepting with their sixth sense the feeling of swallowing the universe and then spitting it out.

7 seconds.

'Inhale.'

6 seconds.

'Exhale.'

“It's strange. why do you keep... … Do you get goosebumps?”

There were only a handful of people who could properly grasp the current situation at the Colosseum.

'Yes, Sirone. That's you!'

Rian clenched her fists, and the eyes of the hooded woman shone.

'Everyone is overlooking it. Visual skills aren't everything. Before being a wizard... … .'

She was the first to speak out.

“Sirone is a banya.”

(end of volume 25)

---------------------------------------