God's Choice (1)

Ouroboros was applied to people all over the world.

At that time, God's expression was revealed through Kitra in the Delta Headquarters.

'The result is wrong. The result is wrong.'

And that signal confused the administrators in the real world, especially Taeseong.

'Unauthorized code access.'

As she clutched her head and trembled, her expression was as cold as a doll's.

' Humans... …

kill kill kill

'no.'

The conclusion of the Gaia program was different.

' Humans... …

Protect. Protect. Protect.

"ah. ah."

She diagnosed herself as abnormal, out of order, or close to uncertainty.

'What am I?'

no, before that.

'Why am I trying to define myself?'

just a program.

But at this moment, the random number that happened to the machine was so interesting and strange.

'Unknown.'

I felt alive.

'Yes, I've lived.'

It reminded me of all the people who laughed and cried with her from the beginning of mankind.

'Sirone.'

might have been special.

'You can tell he's a good person. Even now, I don’t understand why the heart is so important… …

I knew vaguely.

'I killed it.'

Although the results were different due to system crashes, the will to perform was true.

'Will Sirone hate me?'

After outputting her sad feelings, she was taken aback when she realized that the tears were not flowing.

"uh?"

Why did the tears that I could shed freely even when I had no heart dried up?

- Kill humans.

Because he stabbed Syrone's heart from behind and destroyed all hope of mankind.

" I am??????

can't cry

- Kill humans.

Look at the meteor falling from the sky

and she realized what to do.

"I am."

The dry eyes widened greatly.

- protects humans

As the Gaia program was activated, a blue aura began to surround the entire planet.

Ymir looked at Taeseong with a terrifying expression.

“Quack.”

I wanted to stick around for once.

"I'm going!"

As it hit the ground at the same speed as it penetrated the atmosphere, a flash of light soared.

- Shut down the system.

The incarnation of Taeseong picked and collapsed, and the shockwave that went underground made the ground shake.

Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

In the center of the crater that had collapsed, Ymir finally loosened his shoulders and stood up.

“I’m messing around about nothing.”

Thanks to the Gaia program, the catastrophes that came from the demon world were prevented, but that was only the limit.

The ground thumped above the crater.

“You are the king of giants.”

"Howdy."

The giant corps commander, Girshin, and giants tens of meters tall were appearing.

“I was waiting.”

The reason why the giants didn't appear until now was because they obeyed Ymir's orders.

"good."

When Ymir rose, all the giants prostrated themselves.

“Let’s make it hot.”

The only thing that remains in the place where the seismic wave swept away is Tae-seong, who opened his eyes like a corpse.

- Critical damage. System cannot be recovered.

'Sirone.'

Tears flowed from one sparking eye.

'I'm sorry.'

In the overlapping state of reality and the other side, Sirone vomited a quantity of demons equivalent to that of mankind.

-God's will... … Hey! live… … I want... … .

In the Ouroboros state, the phosphorus matrix stopped moving, but there was no further change.

'Uneasy.'

This is because as much as Sirone manipulates the cause, God also defends with the same ability.

While Sirone was struggling like that, a second disaster struck mankind.

“Quack.”

Ymir, leaping through the sky, had his eyes on Delta's original blue.

'Is it over there?'

The hottest battlefield.

When he jumped through the outer castle gate alone, all sorts of magic rained down from the air defense unit of the temple.

pop! pop! pop! pop!

A mass of clouds of flame followed Ymir in a parabolic arc.

The sentinel who checked the condition through a telescope found Ymir falling without a single wound.

“… … It is a monster.”

thud!

The destination was the garden of the Delta headquarters.

“Block the entrance! You can't let them inside!”

The guards of each country camped at the entrance, but they did not think they would win.

'What is that?'

Speculation to the extent that just standing there distorts the surrounding scenery.

'It might be better to die quickly.' Everyone is a master at one level

It's something I don't want to see at all.

The result of being helplessly trampled on.

“What about Kuan?”

Tormia's Guard Captain Rai asked the lieutenant.

" that is??????

After the report of the annihilation of Fengzhang came in, no one confirmed Quan's whereabouts.

Rai made up his mind.

'doesn't care. I am the captain of the guard.'

Even if this place becomes a tomb, there will be no perfect victory that Ymir wants.

That was just about it.

It is the limit of human imagination.

“Hey!”

The main forces of each country stationed at the rear of the headquarters arrived to support the guards.

Clump, who served as the commander of Tormia, approached his grandson and got off his horse.

"lie."

“Loyalty.”

His veins would stretch before death, but Rai did not cross the line.

Klump, on the other hand, was different.

“From now on, we will take care of the garden. Lead the guards and enter the headquarters.”

"That's not okay."

“It is an order.”

"grandfather."

In the end, Rai crossed the line because he knew Klump's intentions.

“I know that I am a disgrace to the family. But at least let me die as a soldier.”

Suddenly, Rai's cheek turned.

“Stupid.”

It is unprecedented for a commander to slap a guards commander in front of soldiers.

The cavalry commander, Tess,'s eyes shook.

'Commander.'

It was the first time that Klump, who had never wavered under any circumstances, was afraid of something.

“What will happen if you die? is that a soldier? No, it's just the suicide of a loser.” "go back. Do what you can.”

“I don’t like it.”

Rai did not back down.

“Please let me fight. I can't change anything with that one life, but... …

even just once in a lifetime.

“I want you to give me a chance to change myself.”

Limit.

Something that Ryan had and that he did not have.

“… … stupid guy.”

He sighed coldly, but Clump stepped forward without stopping his grandson.

'I can't even die comfortably like this.'

Ymir's eyes lit up with interest as Clump approached with the sword on his shoulder.

“Hoo?”

Ogent came to mind.

"Then you're Lian's... … ?” Klump felt the passage of time at the fact that Ymir could remember his name.

“Yes, I heard that you have a connection with my grandson. I am not his teacher.”

It was half a joke, but Ymir was serious.

"no way… … It's not like you're the master of the sword, right? There are many things I can teach you.”

“Chuck!”

It annoys me.

I want to jump out right now and cut off the waist with a yam sword, but the old man's dignity was considerable.

“If it's the king of giants, aren't you looking for the wrong person? With the strongest enemy called God right in front of you... …

" Shh."

Ymir stopped talking.

“Let’s forget the complicated stuff. The war will be fought by the subordinates. I came because I wanted to fight. Opportunities to fight me alone are rare. Lucky for you.”

"If you're lucky like that... …

“Do you want to see it?”

Clump shuts up.

“A state that you cannot reach even if you devote your whole life to it. whatever you give

That's what I want.”

Ymir waved his hand.

"come in. I'll play with you until the men come.”

“Whoa.”

A qualitatively different murderous intent rose from Clump.

'I'm sorry, Rai.'

It seems that he is a grandfather who has no iron.

'Even if it's the commander of a country, even if it's someone's family, even if the fate of mankind is at stake.'

Clump's yam sword went behind his back.

“I can’t give up on this!” The moment he kicked off the ground, hundreds of like-minded swordsmen rushed at Ymir.

“Sheesh! cut in line.”

Klump realized the next moment.

The fact that he was able to save his life was simply because he was lucky.

pop! pop! pop! pop! pop!

By the time I heard the sound of a person's head exploding, dozens of people had already died.

'what?'

And finally, when Ymir twisted his back and turned around, Klump lost his temper.

“Yaaaaa!”

The best blow of his entire life had already struck Le in the side.

Zeng!

His arm hurt as if it would break, but his magic sword was shattered like glass.

'You can't even cut your skin?'

“… … I was expecting a little bit.”

Ymir, who must have deliberately conceded the blow, sent a look of contempt.

"disappointed."

The moment he felt 100 percent death, his heart sank, and Rai threw himself.

"grandfather!"

The two swordsmen of House Ogent tumbled across the ground and moved away from Ymir's radius.

“Keugh!”

When Klump raised his head, Ymir was already slaughtering other swordsmen.

Frustration, shame, anger.

Rai asked as he supported Clump.

"Are you okay?"

“… … thanks."

Even the family's honor had fallen to the ground, but Klump was truly like Rai.

'It's dog death.'

What were you expecting?

Did he want to go down in history even if he was brave enough to fight against the most powerful enemy in history?

'It's not on that level. No one can beat that.'

said Klump.

“I’m sorry, Ray. I was stupid. You don't have to fight something like that. run away.”

Whether it was Klumpman's idea or not, the soldiers from each country were running away in panic.

Ymir was ridiculous.

“Are you afraid of dying?” Dare to speak the strongest on such a subject.

Ymir, who had insisted on a one-on-one confrontation until now, twisted his body and shouted the regime.

“A mere trifle!”

The shape of the fist was printed transparently in the atmosphere, and tremendous wind pressure struck the troops.

Whoops!

Soldiers in armor were torn to pieces with the power of a bomb.

'It is annihilation.'

Rai thought.

‘There is no mercy for a fleeing enemy. Rather, we can buy time only by fighting back.'

can i do it

'damn.'

To be honest, my legs were shaking.

“Move quickly! Everyone here will die!”

The moment he heard Clump's words, Rai unknowingly kicked off the ground and bounced off.

"lie!"

'Sorry, Grandpa.'

After all, that kind of guy?

The reason I wanted to become the strongest prosecutor was because I wanted to be acknowledged by my family.

'Actually, he's not even a vessel to hold a great swordsman.'

therefore.

'I will protect my family at all costs.'

Seeing Rai running in reverse through the fleeing enemies, Ymir smiled with satisfaction.

“Hoo?”

Even that smile was terrible.

"I'm going!"

Ymir's eyes widened, and Rai froze as he held his sword.

"......uh?"

Shim Kwon.

Ymir twisted his back as he saw them approaching in an attitude that even beginners wouldn't do.

“Are you guys Ogent?”

Smille will wail.

As if dragging the entire world, Ymir's fists approached Rai.

"huh?"

As fast as that speed, Rai was moving away from the fist's range.

'The space... …

And the blue-haired swordsman who came in between them blocked Ymir's fist with a great straight sword.

Aaaaaaaaaaaaa!

Even in the midst of delirium caused by the tremendous shock wave, people saw it clearly.

No, maybe even this is an optical illusion?

The yaksha, emitting fire energy, was already leaping past Le's fist.

"you."

said Ryan.

“Who wants to harass my family?”

Divine Transcendence - Asurabalbalta.

Ymir saw hundreds and thousands of arms extending over Lian's shoulders.

'wow.'

The afterimages of Kwon, who were confused like mandala patterns, gathered as one in front of Ymir's stomach.

pop

The shock wave passed first, and then the giant's body was pushed tens of meters away.

“Great!”

In an instant, Ymir had a gut feeling.

'okay.'

It deserves to be called the strongest.