only chance (4)

Seoguk Guild Ranking #1, Ascension.

At the top of the 23-story building, 7 guild members were preparing for a raid.

All of them were rankers.

“Has everyone gathered?”

The thick hangar-like door opened, and the operator walked down the vast runway.

Yagwi said.

“A total of 8 people. It's the first time I've caught Arachne with this configuration, but I'll have to turn it hard. It will soon be the solar war.”

He chose a blocky shape and had a cape wrapped around a flat, diamond-shaped face like a shield.

"okay."

Every time the operator walked like a cat, the sword on his back moved left and right.

'Yahweh 2.'

It was she who confirmed the hit news of the entire bulletin board.

'Never lose!'

The moment he clenched his fists, the high gear cycle soared rapidly and the aircraft vibrated.

- All-in-one maneuvering posture.

High gear, level 487.

As the tremendous power was delivered, her body was projected forward like a cannon.

Leaping at speeds exceeding Mach, she passed through the city and landed in the wasteland.

The sprint started again, and the users of Seoguk, surprised by the sound speed explosion, turned their heads.

"what? What kind of aircraft is that fast?”

“You idiot, it’s the Ascension Guild. Operator, Little Witch, Wild Ghost, Tae Daecheon… … I’m a second ranker.”

The operator's artificial intelligence saw a blue sea.

-Transition to ultra-fast maneuvers.

A rocket engine protruded from the deep hollow of her back, releasing tremendous pressure.

Four minutes later, the raid point, Skull Island, was captured by the guild members.

'Trap section.'

The island's control tower lights up, and a giant red laser net rushes in.

Trap level - 467 levels.

It could be evaded by artificial intelligence, but she blocked the function and surrendered to her senses.

Keeing! Keeing! Keeing!

As the laser net barely passed the operator, the guild members blew a whistle.

“Anyway, your combat sense is the best.” It was only after the trap section was over that the little witch sped up and caught up with her operator.

"what's the matter? While usually believing in the system. If we leave it to artificial intelligence, it will save power.”

“… … I hate the feeling of being numb.”

“Hmm.”

I answered, but not the right answer.

"Yahweh."

The operator opened his mouth again.

“What kind of person are you? I mean in real life.”

“Amazing. Put the words in your mouth that you are real. so annoying You will win anyway.”

“The video has been posted on the bulletin board. That guy bypassed the space by riding the designer's code. Is that possible?”

The little witch seemed to be smiling.

“I don’t know. Because I'm just one user. All I can tell you is that in real life you can do it easier than that. He is the greatest wizard in human history.” The operator ran the video again. 'I defeated an enemy with a difference of more than 50 levels. Of course, the Grim Reaper was equipped... …

It must have been pierced because it had similar durability.

'In other words, it was a situation that could never be won with energy beams. Aside from special ability, he is a human with overwhelming combat experience.' the operator spat out.

“Alright, this is my world.”

At that moment, the island shook greatly, and a super-large machine appeared through the forest.

“Gaaaaa!”

Boss Creature Arachne.

When a 588-level super-sized weapon appeared, artificial intelligence transmitted creature information.

?Durability: 78,000,000/78,000,000.

Hundreds of thousands of tons of gas resembling a spider opened 8,000 gun doors and greeted her.

- Standby for power. I'll signal you.

As she flew alone, she saw 20,000 bullets that painted the landscape black.

- Barrage level, level 499.

It was a level that could not be left to artificial intelligence.

'I won't lose.'

When she arrived at the island after escaping the barrage with aerobatics, small creatures attacked.

Although it was small in size, the speed at the average level of 500 could not be ignored.

“Huh!”

The operator twisted his body.

As if torturing inertia, the aircraft seemed to scream every time it turned.

'More, closer!'

At the moment of sudden stop, a warning message appeared as a load of 27 tons was applied to the right knee alone.

-Detection of aircraft durability instability.

The operator, who had been sliding while digging, turned and dispersed the force right before the limit.

The little witch smiled bitterly.

'A monster is a monster.'

With extreme combat nerve, he was an operator who analyzed all the attack patterns of creatures.

'Sirone feels, but the operator calculates.'

who's up

Sliding backwards, the operator gripped the ground with his left hand and applied the brakes.

A spark flickered on his fingers.

Arachne slowed down in close proximity, and she grabbed the handle of the black scepter on her back.

'Physical attack here.'

As Arachne raised her leg, a huge shadow fell around her.

-Collapse (Magnetic Force).

As a selective option at level 480, it could only be activated with a black field until now.

'This timing is the only chance.' The blade pierced the ground, and the black magnetic field swelled up in the form of a giant sphere.

“Kuaaaaa!”

Caught in the magnetic field, Arachne struggled, twisting hundreds of thousands of joints.

Kururrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

And finally, the four legs were forcibly bent and the giant body fell to the ground.

Seven guild members launched an attack at the same time.

“Let’s make it hot!”

Flashes like the sun burst over the island, and the sea rushed like a rampart.

that evening.

Attogram has been flooded with users from all over the continent.

Their only concern was whether the Yahweh 2 party would replace the Grim Reaper.

There were also reporters in front of the Amara Shop, which was expected to be chosen at level 70.

“This is Dongguk’s user, Ruby Ruby. You may have already seen many videos, but the question of whether Yahweh 2 and the others reached level 70 is of great interest. I will cover them as a private reporter.”

The voices of users who spoke the same sound were mixed together, making it louder than the market.

A man silenced them.

“Hey, there he comes!” Equipped with Grim Reapers, Yahweh 2 and the others were entering the shopping district at a rapid pace.

Death Princess whined.

“Oh, it is hard. tired."

"not there yet. They said that you have to hit level 80 by dawn to be able to meet the promised time.”

Then reporters gathered.

"hello! It's Ruby Ruby! What is your current level? And why are you doing this? Is this the secret project of the Golden Ring?”

"Move! I mean busy!”

The Demon God of Destruction 707 pushed Ruby Ruby past, but the reporters bit their tail and followed.

“Just say one word! Are you for the record?”

The store I entered after ignoring the flood of questions was Suicide, not Amara.

Princess Death asked.

“Why don’t you switch to Amara?”

“When it comes to catching level 70 creatures at level 70, Amara is the best. But now I'm going to increase the difficulty. I'm going to the level 100 hunting ground, so speed is my life. More than anything… …

God of Destruction 707 turned his head.

“Yahweh 2 has a different ability from us. If you follow the output, you will quickly catch a level 100 creature.”

"aha."

When we ordered from the branch manager, the goods were quickly moved and the party immediately replaced the parts.

Grim Reaper parts rolled around them with a clear sound.

A moment of silence came.

'Are you going to throw that away too? Will you throw it away?'

It was on a different level from the 100-piece set, and even intermediate users coveted it.

As a company that focuses on the sense of speed, Suicide Side's parts are sharp and cold.

It was also specialized in cold weapons, so its performance depended on the user's ability.

' what a waste.'

That's why 707, the God of Destruction, has no regrets.

“Hey, shall we take the Grim Reaper? it's a real luxury If you leave it here... …

Users will flock like bees.

“Let’s just go. You have to go to the storage company again. I have a credit card anyway, so I can buy it again later.”

“It is, but… …

The problem was the eyes of users waiting for Yahweh 2 to leave.

"okay! Let's go, go!”

As soon as Sirone and the others made their decision and left the door, the inside of the store became noisy.

“Sheesh! Very excited.”

Sirone consoled Destruction Demon God 707.

“I miss you too. But you can't solve problems without giving up anything. Everything has risks, so let’s stick to our purpose.”

"red! It's easy to say. If you look at it, you must say something like Bart. They really look alike.”

“Bart?”

“My personal magic teacher. He doesn’t teach you anything, but he just says boring things every day.”

Death Princess was interested.

"uh? Do you learn magic?”

“Learning sucks. I couldn’t get a sense of the spirit zone or anything.”

"haha! so do i. My dad told me to do it, so I did it, but when I concentrated, I just fell asleep.”

Sirone put on a puzzled expression.

'I thought it wouldn't be a normal kid since it's about to get into the undercoder, but Bart is a private tutor.'

If it was Brian Bart, he was a first-class magician.

“Well, it can’t be helped that this happened. Let's level up quickly. Suicide's main weapon is a cold weapon. You have to stab the gap in the glove, and the durability is weak, so be careful.”

“Hmm, that’s right.”

Upon entering the level 100 hunting ground, unlike before, medium-sized creatures were seen.

Key eh eh!

Watching the enemies rushing in on a quadrupedal gait, Sirone raised one corner of her mouth.

'see.'

Between the vicious creatures, Sirone's body flowed like water and slashed the enemies.

The promised 2 days have passed.

“Heo-eok! Huh!”

When I arrived at the Attogram and caught my breath, the users greeted me with applause.

“100 levels in 48 hours! This is a record!”

The Demon God of Destruction 707 hit the ground.

“I did it. You really did it.”

At that time when even the person himself was thrilled with the unbelievable performance, Aegis approached.

"Congratulations. I was waiting for you.”

“Aegis! Take it! Take it!”

The reporters gathered in droves, but the moment they got closer, each one frowned.

“Keugh!”

Due to jamming, it was one of the few selective options implemented in the city.

"sorry. I will use the right of veto for filming that has not been approved by the operator.”

After a polite announcement, Aegis bowed her head to Sirone.

“Let’s go.”

Arriving in the slums of the north, she entered a much rundown bar.

Iljin of the golden ring was sitting, and the bar tender opened the door to the deep passage.

Sirone asked in an unusual atmosphere.

“Is this a serious start?”

"That's right. Details will be explained by the boss. Oh and... … We have one more guest.”

"customer?"

“Come in.”

When I opened the iron door at the end of the aisle, Yoga's son, who was sitting on the bed, raised his hand.

"congratulations. 100 levels in 2 days. Exactly.”

Since they weren't meant to be hand in hand, Syrone raised her eyebrows and entered the room.

"huh?"

There was an unknown user at the tea table.

'Is this the guest?'

Her short legs were floating on the chair, and her hands were supporting the weight between her legs.

It was a face I couldn't read.

"hi? long time no see."

"me… … do you know?"

Sirone checked it with the search function, but the information was limited as if it was a user of Seoguk.

It was the user code name, Little Witch.

continues in the next volume