[180] 3. Forest of the Profane (5)

Tess's battle was also at an end.

The saber, which lacks a sense of weight, cannot break the carapace of a monopod, but is optimized for targeting gaps.

Tess, who lowered her mobility by poking between the carapaces, landed a saber in one eye as a final blow. And twisting the saber, she subdued her solitary ear at her feet.

As the battle seemed to be getting longer, Amy put a fire wall around it.

Since they were irrational beasts, it would have been the best result if they had run away, but one unexpectedly broke through the barrier of fire.

Harvest, who had inflated his size, grabbed Poison Ear's torso and broke his backbone.

Arin was relieved that menarche worked. When she cast mind control on four single ears, two of them shuddered.

The two poisonous ears caught in the mind control turned around and started stabbing their allies.

Since the monsters were fighting each other, there was no need for the party to fight.

Lian and Tess, who had suffocated the monopod, returned to Sirone with their weapons in hand.

When Amy released the fire wall, the bloody battle between the poisonous demons was visible. They were using their horns, legs, and snouts to stab, knock, and trample each other.

Since the number of two and two was the same, Arin's ability to control the single ear was the key. At first, I couldn't adapt to it because it was an unfamiliar creature, but I quickly saw through its characteristics and tried individual breaking tactics using its long-range horns.

The party, who was watching the tragedy of the fratricide, wiped away the goosebumps.

It was especially shocking to Kanya and Lena. A being who follows the law goes against the law and kills his own people. Today was a day of much happening in the woods of the profane.

Having won the battle, Arin sighed heavily.

Mind control itself constantly consumes mental strength, and when fighting, even the controlled creature's will to fight flowed in, so mental fatigue was considerable.

The solitary demon under Arin's control turned to Sirone. Kanya and Lena hurriedly backed away, but they merely assumed an attitude of submission.

Arin pondered over what to do with the remaining poisonous ears.

The enormous success rate of mind control through menarche was Arin's strength, but on the other hand, it also became a weakness. A high emotional assimilation rate means that you accept the other person's heart more clearly.

It could be said that it was a fate-like pain for a spirit-type magician who handles all the spirits of the world.

Arin hesitated as expected. No matter how much she was a monster, it was painful for her to brutally end the life of the being who fought for her.

If the self-proclaimed soft-hearted is the second best, the sad Tess represented Arin's feelings.

"Can't I just take it with me? Do you think it would be very reassuring even if there were only two of them?”

"no. I can't waste my mental energy on a monster like this. Now that she knows menarche works, Arin should focus on that. You have to maintain her mental channel at all times.”

“Um, what about releasing them?”

“I will come to attack again. The worst is bringing another group.”

"I see. It's a pity, but I have no choice but to die. Can't we just make them fight and kill each other?”

Arin pursed his lips at the sad words of Tess, who claimed to have a weak heart.

It was a different situation from controlling a poisonous ear to kill other poisonous ears. The conflict intensified as the assimilation rate was already high and the feelings of the allies that they fought together were added.

Lian said while holding the handle of the greatsword.

“Then I will kill you. Just hold on.”

Canis shook her head.

“No, this is what Arin has to do. If you want to reach a high level as a spirit-type mage, you cannot remain weak forever.”

There is also a limit to revealing the prominence with the ability of menarche. If you want to get to where you want to go, this shouldn't be a problem.

Kanis hoped that Arin would stay by his side for a long time.

“Arin, you promised when you were taken to the Magic Association. Master is no longer in this world. we have to be strong This is not a relaxed place to be compassionate.”

Arin closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Canis was right. Will you rely on menarche or dominate menarche? It was difficult, but it was a problem that had to be overcome once.

Arin made the monopods walk to the border of the forest. Then he made them gouge out each other's eyes with their horns.

The two monopods collapsed face to face.

He was still alive, but since he could no longer move, there was no other way to inflict a fatal wound.

Arin tried to smile.

Harvest, who was watching her, recalled the time when he faced her through a glass tube.

Although he is still evaluated as weak for a wizard, compared to the time when he was afraid of everything in the world, he has become a completely different person now.

“Arin’s strengths and weaknesses. It easily resonates with the other person's mind, but that's why it can't be poisoned. Arcane always regretted this.”

“But now things are changing. Arin will be able to do well.”

Sirone, who shared Arin's sadness, was relieved to hear the conversation between Harvest and Canis. Even though she chose a tough job, she had companions for the rest of her life.

"anyway… … .”

As Sirone looked back with luck, her friends also turned their attention to Kanya and Lena.

The two women flinched. It was because in the eyes of the six people, there was a wave of emotion that did not match the situation.

“It is a person.”

“Yeah, it’s a person. I also have a sword and shield.”

“Ah, sword and shield. I thought I was going crazy wanting to see that. I was dizzy at the thought of talking to a giant who could uproot a tree and wield it.”

As the incomprehensible words continued, Kanya interrupted her sister and shouted.

"What are you saying? Who the hell are you?”

Arin tried telepathy by connecting the spirit zone. When Kanya's spirit was transmitted, Arin materialized it into her menarche and passed it on to Sirone and the others.

Sirone spoke in the most friendly way possible.

“Uh, so we’re from different places… … .”

The fierce gaze stopped Sirone.

Kanya's tension rose as she suddenly understood the words she couldn't understand. Above all, the shape of his mouth and his language did not match.

"What did you do? Is this magic too? Are you Norse?”

“Norse? what is that?"

Instead of answering, Kanya held out her right arm. A drone flew from the sky. A mechanical device resembling a beetle landed on my wrist, then detached like a staircase and mounted it as a gauntlet.

“Decoding Language.”

Light came on the back of the gauntlet.

“You guys, say it again.”

“What do you mean?”

That was enough. Kanya bent his arm to check his gauntlet.

no data. Undecipherable.

After checking the drone's information, she took out the arc. As she pulled the handle, a red dot appeared between Shirone's forehead.

“What, what are you doing? suddenly."

Sirone, who watched from the forest, knew how powerful the Ark was.

I was embarrassed to be in this situation without even knowing the reason. It was absolutely not the reaction that comes out when people run into each other in a place where monsters live.

“Lena! These are not subjects! We have to fight!”

“Ha, but sister… … Still, it's a lifesaver.”

“I get it now. Why is the monopod here? They disturbed the laws of the forest.”

When Lena heard that, she couldn't help but move. Her face showed unwilling emotions, but she nonetheless took up a fighting stance with Cigna and Xde.

“You’d better be honest, if you don’t want your head blown off by the arc. What the hell are you doing in this forest? Who the hell are you?”

If you ask who it is, there is no way to explain it. The frustrated Sirone had no choice but to shout.

“We are people too!”

“How can you believe that? You don't speak the language of the subjects! It's not even heresy!”

“Anyway, it makes sense. Isn't that what happened?"

Kanya frowned. Oddly enough, Sirone's words were persuasive.

“So let’s talk about it. If we can talk, at least we can find a way to be peaceful rather than using that strange weapon.”

"peace? To bring up the word peace in the woods of the profane. You guys are really suspicious.”

“The forest of the profane?”

“This must be the name of the forest.”

Silence passed at the end of Arin's explanation.

The standoff continued for some time.

It wasn't a problem for Sirone to subdue her if he wanted to, but he absolutely hated fighting.

is human The words work. If she only let go of her hostility, she could be given a detailed account of this world.

At that moment, Lena looked up at the sky.

A drone patrolling the area projected a scene 500 meters away into her retinas. More than 20 monopods were coming.

“Sister, it’s a big deal. It's a solitary ear."

Kanya finally came to his senses. Staying longer than the laws of the forest were violated was tantamount to committing suicide.

Even the unknown strangers seemed unwilling to fight. I can't be certain, but if I had the skills to defeat the poisonous demon, I would have been able to subdue myself.

“Follow me at once. Let's talk after we get out of here.”

Kanya returned the gauntlet on her arm in the form of a bug and sent it flying into the sky. Ascertaining the location of her solitary ear, she decided on her bearings and entered the forest.

Sirone and the others followed her without a murmur. Amy said it was the direction away from the city.

4. Reversal of the Law (1)

Kanya entered the valley, a mixture of jungle and rocky terrain.

The surroundings were blocked by cliffs, so only the sky could be seen. Passing through the bottom of the V-shaped valley, Sirone could guess how long this world had existed.

As we walked along, we exchanged voices with Kanya and the others.

Kanya couldn't believe them yet, but at least she seemed to accept that she wasn't willing to fight.

“This is the Valley of the Whirling Serpents. The law is different, so there will be no danger.”

“The most dangerous thing is that Sirone gets hit by that strange weapon.”

Kanya's eyes widened at Ryan's joke. She seems to be mindful of what happened in the woods, but if she had to pick a tantrum, she was rather herself.

Guessing that Sirone is the leader, she pointed and asked.

“What is your real identity? Does it make sense that you came from another world?”

“But it is true. Believe it or not believe it, I can only say that. Please explain this time What is this world like? The same goes for the giant we defeated earlier.”

"giant? Did you just say you were a giant?”

“Yes, a giant.”

“So you killed a giant!”

“No, I didn't kill him. As for what happened... … .”

Before Sirone could finish her words, Kanya grabbed her by the collar and shouted.

“What if I kill a giant, you idiot! A giant is one who keeps the law! it was you after all The poisonous demons killed the giant!”

Amy shook Kanya's hand. She'd been killing her temper for information, but she couldn't tolerate being mean to her friends.

“You said you didn’t kill me! And the giant attacked first!”

"of course! Because we broke the law! The forest of the profane is a place that humans are not allowed to enter!”

Sirone pierced the gap between the two growling women.

“Even if you say that, we don’t know what you mean. okay? We really come from a different place.”

Kanya was dazed. She couldn't convince herself of anything Shirone said, but she did, and she realized that it had to be true.

“You guys can’t… … Are you really from another place?”

"You've said it before. Is that so?”

“No, I don’t mean that, um… … .”

Kanya's expression turned serious.

It's just an anecdote I heard when I was young, but it was definitely there, the people of the earthly country ruled by heaven.

They are the descendants of the people, but they are pitiful people who cannot feel the existence of God. I was told that this is why they do not enjoy eternal life and struggle in mortal pain for the rest of their lives.

---------------------------------------