Devastating Strike (3)

Iruki pointed to the map.

“Abyssal Cliff.”

It was a 160-kilometer-long valley that runs along the border between Tormia and Kazura.

"It's easy to think of it as a place where there is a risk of ambush, but the Balkans will come here."

Geographically only a valley, the cliffs of the abyss are over 17 kilometers wide.

was a giant terrain.

“Above all, passing through here is the shortest way to get to Tormia. We also lost half of our power on the Kahnian Plateau.”

It was the damage suffered in only one day's battle.

'And Amy... …

Eruki erased his thoughts and continued.

“But as much as the damage is great, it can hit a vital point. It would be unthinkable to set a trap in such a huge terrain with the lack of Valkyrie troops.”

“It may not actually exist.”

Iruki nodded.

"yes. There are no pitfalls. There are only elemental bombs that can blow up entire valleys.”

“Whoa.”

Since it was a key strategy that could end the war, the commanders' tension reached its peak.

“I will stop here.”

The place the baton was pointing at was the center of the valley, 70 kilometers away from Tormia.

“The power of an elemental bomb is beyond imagination. The terrain will offset the impact, but neither the damage to our allies nor the nearby cities will be spared.”

said the commander.

“This is an opportunity that came after a lot of sacrifices. There is no option not to do it. All we can do is explode it at the point where the expected damage is minimal.”

Iruki remained silent.

“Sir General.”

"yes. I have no desire to take care of my conscience alone. The operation proceeds as planned. The day of the showdown has arrived. There should be no mistakes.”

After the words were firmly concluded, the commanders left the meeting room with a look of relief.

Aromi approached Iruki.

“Are you having a hard time making a decision?”

Since he wasn't someone who didn't know the weight of the military commander, he was anxious to see him swaying.

"no. It's not like that.”

“Then maybe… … Is it because of Major Amy?”

I couldn't deny it.

'I couldn't recover the body.'

If the conclusion had been made with certainty, I would not have suffered from such an inner illness.

'If you survived, there's no way you wouldn't return to the unit. Was it eventually captured by the demons?'

With the entire army of Hell descending, it was like dropping a bomb on her head.

“Sir, it is embarrassing to say this, but… …

Aromi said hesitantly.

“If Major Amy is still alive and captured by the demons, killing her would rather help her.” Knowing how cruel the demons are, Iruki agreed on the one hand.

“The reason Balkan didn’t realize the variable of Kitaru Man… …

Iruki finally spoke his mind.

“It was because the scope of the accident was different from mine. Even if you can read the flow of the crowd, you cannot read the flow outside the table. Because you can't think about the unthinkable.”

"Yes. But why did you suddenly say that... …

“I do now.”

The thought that I was missing something haunted me.

“If Amy is captured, terrible things will happen, and Vulcan will use it. Because there is no better way to destroy my sanity than that.”

“Hmm.”

“But there is no response. Maybe Amy was not captured by her demons.”

Aromi wanted to give hope, but now it was a time when only cold judgment was all.

"Sir General, it's hard to reason in that sense... …

"i know."

Even Iruki knew.

“Even if Amy is caught, there are hundreds of reasons not to make it public. Sirone, it might be a paving stone for Yahweh. So it must be a level of delusion... …

Although the psychology of wanting the safety of a precious friend may have changed the accident circuit.

“It keeps making noise. I don't think it's clear no matter what criteria I use, either experience or logic.”

Aromi realized that Iruki was in a cold state.

“It means that something may be happening outside of your thoughts, Commander-in-Chief.”

"yes."

Iruki looked back at the valley of the abyss.

“As in the case of the guitar man, that might be the difference between the success and failure of this strategy.”

Where the hell is Amy

peel?

* * ?

“Whoa. Whoa.”

Amy's breathing sounded harsh in the hut built in the mountains of the Central Continent.

Her hair was short, and bandages were wrapped all over her burnt body.

It was fortunate that the heat did not penetrate deep into the skin, and sooner or later the scab would come off.

“I don’t see any sign of waking up.” Shura said looking at Amy lying on the bed.

“The body has recovered, but the more serious side is the mind. It is a fundamentally different matter from samadhi.”

Samadhi is based on the providence of the cosmos, but Amy's multiplicity of things is entirely artificial.

“It's like they dug themselves into the ground and closed the exit. You will not be able to get out on your own.”

Nane said biting her index finger.

“Remove the bandage.”

“What are you going to do?”

“Currently, she closed her eyes, plugged her ears, and cut off all senses herself. Her human transmission will not be able to pull her out of her abyss.” As Shura undid the bandages on her abdomen, her new flesh swelled out, revealing her reddish skin.

Nane, who wrote a circle of bloody words around her navel, sat cross-legged.

“Get as far away as possible. It won't be bearable.”

In order to bring Amy back, a sermon by a robber, like giving enlightenment to a rock, was needed.

"Do not work too hard."

When Shura left the cabin, Nane smiled kindly and lowered her eyelids gently.

The lips gently open.

“Mahavanya… …

As the sermon with a unique rhyme continued endlessly, the mountains, rivers, and trees began to tremble.

“Keugh!”

Shura, who was rushing into the forest, covered her ears.

'It's not a sound.'

Nane's voice that pierced the image echoed in my head without passing through the eardrum.

“Color immediately ball Instant color… …

Inside the cabin where the sermon sounded, Amy's body became hot as if it were on fire.

"ha. ha."

Even in the unconscious state, a thin voice leaked from her throat as she was breathing heavily.

“Sirone.”

Earth Temple of the Ivory Tower.

With the five great stars who had been called by Taeseong gathered together, Sirone finished the story.

“Argones.”

It was shocking.

“So what, does that mean that whether I win or Havits wins, the world is coming to an end?”

Fried continued with a displeased face.

"Even if you look at the ivory tower lightly, it's an oil fountain. Do you think we can stay still during that time?"

Silence ensued.

“Hey, what is everyone doing? Aren't you afraid?"

said Minerva.

“It doesn’t matter if you fight or sleep. It's a situation where the underlying system kicks in. The best thing is to end it without going to that situation. To that end, she turned to Sirone.

“Sirone has no choice but to establish an integrated mental system first before Nane realizes it.”

There was no disagreement.

In the same sense, that's why none of the stars of the Ivory Tower told Sirone.

'Amy has disappeared.'

If even Taeseong couldn't be found, a certain person or force similar to him took her.

'It could be me. But it could also be Harvits.'

Both characters were possible.

'I can't reveal it now.'

Thing opened his mouth.

“Sirone, before we prepare for the end, there is something we need to point out. There is something you don't know.”

Minerva turned her head with a pale face.

'Sheesh! That stubborn man.'

Xing, believing everyone but himself to be an illusion, saw no need to perjury.

“Facts you don’t know?”

Thing turned his head and said.

“In the Central Continent… …

At that time, the temple of the earth of the ivory tower shook.

"what?"

Even if it was a steeple on the ground, there was no reason for the Earth Temple floating in space to shake.

Taeseong said with a bitter expression.

“You are finally here.”

In the glass window reflecting the planet, I saw something burning hot with the friction of the air.

"dragon?"

It was truly awe-inspiring to see them rise vertically while emitting electricity from their blue scales.

Sirone remembered the identity of the dragon.

“Pterosaur Brain Blitz.”

One of the 12 dragons who protect time, it was the creature that Andre met in World No. 1.

It was also one of the few first-class dragons that could leave the planet and enter outer space.

Woo woo woo!

Blitz attached his huge body to the ceiling of the Temple of Earth and bent his long neck to look inside.

“Hey Taeseong.”

There was a cold voice that went straight to everyone's brain without going through the air.

Taeseong looked at the ceiling.

“Apostle of Time, why did you visit this place?”

The big eyes looked around the Earth Temple and fixed on Sirone.

“Our core seeks you.”

"If it's a core... …

Mudeung Dragon Karatorsa.

“You mean you woke up from eternal sleep?” There is a famous anecdote about leaving behind the words “I will handle it” when no one else can handle it.

“Something big is coming. It is only a matter of time before the Mudeungryong wakes up. Sirone, the one who opened the senses of nothingness. follow me The core will tell you.” Sirone approached Taeseong.

“What do you want me to tell you?”

“How to fight.”

“Who are you fighting?”

Blitz turned his head wide and looked down at the northern hemisphere of the planet. In his gaze, the Eastern Jungcheon-dong was included.

“Heaven.”

A peak rising through the clouds.

On the highest hill in Jungcheon-dong in the East, there is a shrine built by mankind's strongest wizard.

Guffin's Gate.

A huge iron ball with henna engraved on the angel's tongue began to vibrate high in the sky.

The iron ball swayed like a liquid, then exploded violently and blew all the peaks away.

Aaaaaaaaagh! What remained at the site of the explosion was a tunnel so gigantic that it swallowed the entire Central Valley.

“Is this the bureau?”

The soles of my feet suddenly protruded from the black sphere and stomped on the ground.

Whoops!

A small garden burst open.

“Cheuk, it’s so small.”

Following them, numerous giants appeared, and fairies soared into the sky.

The angels and their servant Mara arrogantly passed through the tunnel, and finally four archangels appeared.

Although they are half pages that have lost the concept they refer to, the world is shaken only by the energy they radiate.

The Archangel of Destruction, Uriel, revealed his thoughts.

“You are here at last. It took longer than expected.”

Rayel, the archangel of light, said.

“It could have taken longer. yeah that's weird There is a sense that the dimensional barrier was pierced too easily.”

Uriel muttered.

"maze??????

What happened to the world's strongest monk who had blocked the army of heaven alone?

The giants and maras who had been waiting for today could not suppress their speculation and screamed.

"let's fight! Let's punish the arrogant people who deny God!”

Ikael was watching them.

'Sirone.'

The reason why I couldn't be of the same mind as them was because Hexa was here.

“Chief Angel! Order to sortie! Give Mimul a chance to teach her the dignity of God!”

Ikael quietly opened his mouth.

“… … Ataraxia.”

As her asteroid expanded at a tremendous speed, it spread a halo of brilliant colors.

“Huh!”

In the midst of silence like a lie.

“It reaches the entire army.”

Only her voice resounded amplified.