[481] Jikji (3)

Sirone was sitting in the grass and looking at the lake.

The lake was white as milk and as calm as in the middle of a windless land.

His eyes were fixed on the horizon above the surface of the water.

-What are you looking at?

'Ikael.'

The water surface convexly rose from the center of the lake and changed into the shape of Ikael.

The immaculate liquid that flowed smoothly across the surface disappeared, and Ikael's image appeared as if it were a real thing.

-What are you looking at?

'father. mom.'

Ikael collapsed like a sandcastle flowing down, and the Vincent couple took his place.

'Rian. Amy. friends.'

The calm surface of the water began to shake as if it had met a storm.

Countless forms of people floated to the surface, completely filled with allies and enemies, loved ones and haters.

-What are you looking at?

The milky liquid coalesced and transformed into the shape of a gigantic Mirka.

I was properly hit by her diet eating out, which fundamentally blocks variables.

But was it really an enemy that could never be defeated?

Marsha's advice that there are no absolutes when it comes to eating out passed through my head.

'Who is it?'

Sirone suddenly lifted her head and looked into the air.

Who are you?

The voice that asked you a question from earlier.

-In fact, seeing is nothing more than a process of confirming that something is already there or not.

The voice was as bland as air.

I wondered if the information for a specific reason was being conveyed in the form of a voice in my head.

Ultima System.

The one-dimensional integrated information system that permeated Sirone's brain was operating in a state of suspended animation.

So, the voice you hear now is a message from someone who has already left this world.

However, since the message is buried in eternal time, it is the same as hearing it right now.

-To truly see is to see something that exists there in its pure state.

'As it is in its pure state.'

the voice asked again.

-What are you looking at?

Defeat. Peope's betrayal. Flu's well-being.

All those emotions floated to the surface.

No, I'm not looking at that. An illusion of thought created simply because I want to see it, or because I thought I had to see it.

"I am… … What are you looking at?”

All forms on the surface of the water began to collapse.

“I am not watching anything.”

said the voice.

- When you are not looking at anything, you can finally see everything.

The lake sank calmly again.

Eventually, as the water surface lowered, the white liquid disappeared, and the world disintegrated into small pieces, scattering like cherry blossoms and disappearing out of sight.

The Ultima System, which had permeated like a ghost in the network in the head, was finally systematized and installed to the nerve endings.

At the same time, Sirone's incarnation shone for a moment, foreshadowing his mental change.

If the blind direction of the cerebral synapses creates concentration and that concentration is realized as the Spirit Zone, Sirone's Spirit Zone equipped with the Ultima System is manifesting as something unique and unique with a different temperament than before.

'This is it...' … .'

Jikji.

One gaze looking straight at the whole world.

The scenery that had nothing to do with it returned to its original place and unfolded before Sirone's eyes.

The lake was still calm, but now Sirone's eyes were clearly conveying the numerous possibilities of cartooning, like a living creature.

-What are you looking at?

Sirone replied.

"eventuality."

The voice spoke as if answering.

-That's what Ultima is... … .

Flash!

Sirone's eyes widened as if shocked by the intense flash of light applied to her brain.

'What happened?'

A vague memory like a dream.

But the image itself was very clear.

Hitting her head on a cliff and losing consciousness was an afterimage of her memories.

"huh?"

Sirone, who came to his senses, finally sensed the hot energy flowing into his lips.

An unknown woman was sitting on top of him and kissing him.

Sirone, whose face flushed, pushed her away in surprise.

“What, what?”

The woman rolled onto her side helplessly, exhaling painfully with her naked body exposed.

Sirone hurriedly lit the lights with her Shining magic.

“Peope?”

The reason why she couldn't believe it even though she said it herself was because she, a little fairy, was as big as an adult woman's body.

However, the little dress she was wearing was torn to pieces, and the fairy wings that fell beside her proved that she was Feofe.

“Sirone… … .”

Feope struggled to open her eyes and smiled brightly.

After reading the emotion in that smile, Sirone rolled her eyes in confusion.

why is she here? No, what the hell is this mogol?

“What happened, Peope?”

“I’m glad you’re safe.”

Only then did Sirone examine her body.

All wounds were completely healed.

It was impossible to recover from a fatal wound in such a short period of time when the Diamond Armament was released.

There was no doubt that she had saved herself.

"why? I want you... … .”

Feope shook her head.

It didn't matter to her what Sirone was thinking.

The most important thing at the end of life is something so trivial that even Peope is surprised.

“Sirone, how are you?”

Sirone didn't know what that meant, and after thinking for a while, he looked at her body.

The price of exploding all lives at once is rapid growth. And it was the loss of the fairy due to mental breakdown.

"Am I pretty?"

Feope's question was so innocent that Sirone could not say anything.

I got goosebumps when I realized that I had nothing to give back except my feelings of gratitude.

But it is true.

It was impossible to create something without substance.

When there was no answer from Sirone, Peope quickly closed her eyes.

I felt sad but happy. There won't be any regrets left in the end.

“Don’t look, Sirone.”

Peope gave her last wish.

"please… … don't look.”

Feope's body began to shrink rapidly. It was the aftermath of a storm that burned all life.

“Pe, Peope… … .”

Sirone watched Peope's transformation in a state of fascination.

Peope's face, which had shrunk to the size of a fairy, was full of wrinkles, and all the muscles in her firm body had been lost, leaving only bony bones.

Beside her were wings of the right size at last, but those that had already fallen off were just running towards decay, losing their vitality.

“Peope! Peope!”

Sirone put Feope in her hand and shouted.

At the end of her lifespan, her body did not even move.

You shouldn't die like this.

Sirone, who finally realized in front of her corpse, held Feope in front of her eyes.

He was barely breathing.

'I'm still alive.'

But how can I save her?

“There is nowhere to run anymore, foolish human.”

When the voice of the fairy Mirka resonated outside the cave, Sirone grabbed Armand with one hand and stood up.

Beyond the curtain of light outside the cave, Mirka and other fairy troops were completely blocking the exit.

Sirone held Peope in her hand without showing any fear and moved forward slowly.

It wasn't until they came out that they realized why the fairy troops had quietly retreated.

Indeed, an enormous army completely dominated the four directions.

There is no way to escape.

Having concluded that, Mirka looked at Feope lying in Sirone's hand with sad eyes.

“A foolish thing. That’s how I explained what the cost of liking humans is.”

It is not that there was not a single fairy in history who loved a human.

But with that said, it was always miserable.

Fairies are pure and humans are selfish.

No matter how hot it burns, human greed is endless, and in the end, it is to dry up the fairy after endlessly craving it.

“I am still alive. How can I get Peope back?”

This was the reason why Sirone entered the siege smoothly.

“Human, accept the aura obediently. If so, I will take responsibility for Feope's life and save it.”

“You asked what the method was.”

Seeing Sirone's unbending eyes, Mirka replied in a cold voice.

“There is only one person in heaven who can restore a fairy whose lifespan is over. Archangel Ichael.”

The moment Sirone heard it, he instinctively sensed that it was the truth.

Literally the embodiment of amplification.

If it was Ikael, he would be able to amplify Feope's feeble emotion and restore it to its original state.

"okay."

“It is a good choice. Hand over Peope to us... … .”

“Geumgang Armed Forces.”

Sirone grabbed Armand's handle and activated the Diamond Armament.

In an instant, organic robes wrapped around him and floated overhead, with cybernetic eyes and Akamai's eyes attached.

The fairies were all nervous and prepared for battle.

Although he was defeated by Mirka, he was a skilled man who shot down countless fairies.

However, Mirka, who already knew that there was no variable in her match against Sirone, raised the corner of her mouth mockingly.

“You have a good weapon. Thanks to that, he must have been able to play an active role up to this point with his level of skill. But you, who have taken off that weapon, are nothing more than a weak human being.”

Since I've already overpowered the incarnation's strength, it doesn't matter what skills the opponent uses or how many different skills they have.

The lack of variables was the scariest thing about the razor of truth.

Sirone put Feope in Armand's robe without replying.

A pouch was made near the heart and secured with Ringer's minerals.

If you want to get to Ikael as quickly as possible, you will have to go through a fierce battle.

Realizing that Sirone had no intention of surrendering, Mirka held out her hand with an angry face.

“Kill it. Let them pay for the sin of scorning heaven.”

The fairies waiting everywhere flew towards Sirone at terrifying speed.

At the same time, Sirone's eyes slanted forward.

Magic of unknown properties rained down from all sides, and the fairies were moving quickly as if swaying in a storm, but Sirone ignored them all.

How to see everything when you see nothing.

As Sirone's Jikji was activated, the boundaries of the Spirit Zone gradually began to blur.

Mirka, the highest-ranking being of justice, was the first to sense the change.

“That… … ?”

Spirit Zone's presence is gradually fading. Eventually, as he completely melted into the world, the boundaries disappeared.

Kwak Kwah Kwah Kwah Kwah!

When Sirone opened her eyes, dozens of photon cannons were pierced in a diagonal line from a completely distant place.

It was an angle that would have been impossible without Sirone shooting in the air.

The fairies rushing from the side were exposed defenseless to the unexpected pattern of attacks, and were swept to the ground by a waterfall of flashes.

"what? how to magic... … !”

Sirone made a photon cannon and fired it from all directions.

The riot of flashes entangled like a net and bombarded the fairies indiscriminately.

Even in the midst of that, the fairies could not find the starting point of the magic and only looked around with a bewildered expression.

There is no central point where magic is implemented.

Sirone's mind assimilated with the world achieved a state of perfect omnipotence, and the bundled photon cannons rapidly turned and swept away the enemies like a school of anchovies swimming in the sea.

“Keuuugh!”

Mirka hurriedly escaped from the radius.

It was shocking that the first unit that was trying to subdue Sirone was completely wiped out, but the first thing that came to her mind was an ancient record.

“This is Gaia... … .”

The spirit zone of those who use the Ultima system, 'Elysion', has been resurrected beyond the ages.

---------------------------------------