Existence of Absence (1)

Aetra, who sprayed breath and life healing all over Basuka, landed beside Miro and the others.

“Whoa.”

Returning to the image of a cute girl with braided hair, she wiped away her sweat and smiled.

“Hehe, you should be praised by Messiah-nim.”

The maze has arrived.

“It’s an ultra-fast activation.”

"huh. It increases your vitality by about 200,000 times.”

“200,000… …

When I imagined only the shame, it would be able to heal any wound except death.

“Is the effect good? In addition, because the immune system is strengthened, diseases and poisons can be cured.”

Miro said with sincerity.

“Are you invincible?”

“In a sense. but… …

Aethra's eyes turned to sadness and turned to the people in the corner of the city.

Among the people who were drunk with the appreciation of victory, there were still those who couldn't laugh.

Those who lost their families, those who went crazy with fear, those who suffered terrible things from demons.

Although not as much as Taeseong, even Eight felt maternal love for their miserable reality.

“You cannot heal a wounded mind.”

“Wouldn’t it be possible if it was a white dragon?”

A White Dragon Assriker who handles soul information.

“Probably not. Her epitome may make you feel better, but it can't erase the scars on her psyche.”

It was like taking drugs to forget the pain.

"Right."

Miro changed the topic.

“I heard there is a charging time?”

“In the case of life healing, 100 hours. Among the 12 apostles, I am the longest.”

“100 hours. About four days later?”

Eitra grasped the true meaning of Miro's question.

"okay. It's definitely an ambiguous ability to get the timing right in battle. Still, he told me to use non-Messica if necessary. Don’t be concerned about efficiency in saving lives.” It was a Sirone-like idea, and Miro agreed.

“But the four days… …

Miro's head turned quickly, her eyes wide open, and a lightning bolt fell where her gaze stopped.

“Blitz?”

Aethra tilted her head and asked, but Blitz was too nervous to explain.

"come."

“Coming? what?"

A roar erupted from Basuka's walls, and Miro's eyes went cold.

"already?"

The armies of Heaven, which Hand of God had scattered all over the world, had returned.

'It must have flown at least thousands of kilometers.'

If hexa is the ultimate function of the mind, then perhaps the stronger the person, the farther he flew.

'Then who arrived the fastest?'

Ironically.

“Ha ha ha ha!”

He was the one who was presumed to be the strongest in the army of heaven.

"come out!"

As Ymir's voice spread through the air, windows were shattered in every building in downtown Baska.

Miro spat out a double curse and cast a mass teleport with the gathered party.

Arriving at the front of the wall, the allied forces led by Garcia were attacking Ymir in droves.

“Are you kidding me?”

Every time Ymir spun around and jabbed, the Allies' heads exploded one after another.

“Garcia!”

Even when Garcia heard Miro's voice, he was only glaring at Ymir.

I was angry.

'Why?'

The scene where the being who blew away the demon army in one blow exchanged sums with the allied soldiers.

'Are you mocking me?'

No, it doesn't feel like that.

Ymir was just enjoying this situation, the current battle purely.

"let's go! We are the defenders of humanity!” The Allies, who had seen the blood so far, rushed at Ymir in a state of oblivion of fear.

And every time Ymir's blow, blow, blow was fired honestly, his body exploded without a doubt.

........

Garcia's nose wrinkled.

“Aaaaaaa!”

I was angry for no reason, and the size of my anger was greater than meeting my parents' enemies.

"wait!"

Garcia turned away from Miro's voice, and Miro quickly followed suit, clicking his tongue.

Next to her was Enox, the representative of the fairies.

“Let’s work together.”

They, too, were aware of the intense sense of incongruity rising in their hearts, albeit vaguely.

'Hellfire!'

Garcia's fire magic exploded, and Enox created a wind and dug into it.

Ancient magic using the energy of the wind scratched Ymir, and on top of it, Heavenly Arms Guanse Yin poured out an attack like mad.

A cloud of dust rose and dissipated with a pop as if in an explosion.

'Isn't it shocking?'

Ymir, who inflated the air with muscle vibration, was walking over the corpses of the allies.

“Come on.”

At that point, Garcia, Enox, and even Miro stopped walking.

Lian had Ymir in his eyes.

'I don't know.'

They had been together for a while before Hand of God blew him away, but it was the first time he had felt this way.

'I can't feel anything.'

The talent for counting capabilities is not excellent, but at least you can distinguish between the strong and the weak.

However, Ymir felt neither strength, nor weakness, nor fear, nor intent to kill, nor even hostility.

"ah??????

Anger welled up in Ryan's heart.

'It was like that.'

Just as you can't see something very far away, everyone here can't feel Ymir.

“Hey, what are you doing? Why don't you hurry up!"

The same thought popped into their heads as they retreated the distance Ymir approached.

'Why does this exist?'

The reason they were angry was that the very existence of Ymir denied them.

'Ymir shouldn't exist. because… …

The moment you acknowledge his existence, all substances except him have no value in existence.

“Pooh!”

Seeing them continue to distance themselves, Ymir looked up at the sky and let out a breath.

“I know what you are afraid of.”

Looking forward again, Ymir's eyes contained 1% expectations and 99% futility.

“That is, for example. I don't want to die. I don't want to perish. I want to continue thinking.”

Ymir's steps stopped abruptly.

“But it’s because I feel that that desire is also life. I mean, I can't feel anything.”

Just as humans cannot feel Ymir. This Mir also couldn't sense the universe properly.

“It was thrilling.”

The most intense memory in Ymir's mind is the blow from Ogent.

Even now, when I think of that moment, the area where the molar was missing is clearly throbbing.

“You promised me. I will definitely come back.”

Ymir's gaze moved to the blue-haired swordsman standing at the back of the maze.

“Keep your promise.” Playing Django wasn't like Lian, but this time I thought about it for a long time.

When he finally moved on, Miro said.

“Do it together. I can't catch it alone."

"I know."

He wasn't foolish enough to stand up for himself against a strong enemy who couldn't even feel fear.

“But I cannot back down. There is no other way back. Lian, who had passed all of Ymir, took the lead.

“This is the destination.”

Miro knows.

What courage it would take to reach that distance, just two meters away from Ymir.

“It was thrilling earlier.”

Ymir said.

“But it's the thrill of meeting Ogent. Now, that won't be enough to satisfy me.”

"do not worry."

The straightness was drawn at an invisible speed.

“I will fight until I die.” A horizontal line was drawn across the landscape, and Ymir was at the center where the world was divided into two parts.

Lian's right elbow ruptured as the impact rushed through the straight sword stuck in his forearm.

“Great!”

Deny's strength is ignoring inertia.

With the sword resting on Ymir's arm, Lian twisted his upper body with all his convictions.

“Aaaaaaa!”

As the Distortion of the Law distorted the world, Ymir's body began to shift.

“Hehehe.”

Ymir, whose shoulders were shivering, pulled out his upper body while wickedly tearing the corner of his mouth.

“It’s ridiculous.”

At the same time, the other forearm rose and struck Lian's body with terrifying speed.

Lian, who stepped back for a moment, defended with a great straight sword, and his fist struck the blade.

A shockwave exploded.

M | 99

As the brain ceased to recognize time, the criteria for fast and slow completely disappeared.

'Sleepy.'

Through my half-closed eyelids, I could see thousands of Tess spinning and laughing.

'I want to sleep... …

I didn't close my eyes.

'I want to close my eyes. I'm so tired. Why can't I lie down? You can't sleep if you're standing.'

Ryan waited calmly.

'I have to go to my hometown. Reina noona doesn't seem to be in the royal castle. Shall she take Sirone?'

Still, the next moment never came.

'Bored.'

With nothing more to think about, Lian blindly started counting from 1.

'… … Two thousand three hundred and twenty-one, two thousand three hundred and twenty-two.'

how much time has passed

'Aaaaaa! Aaaaaa! Aaaaa!' Ryan had a hunch.

Perhaps the fact that the state in which time does not flow may last forever.

'in action! I mean move!' The brain has forgotten the time.

'I can't escape.'

I was afraid of having to experience this moment endlessly.

"Ha ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha!" Tess's many faces

He burst into mad laughter filling the sky.

Tess is in Tess's mouth, Tess is in Tess's mouth, Tess is in Tess's mouth... … .

'I'm going crazy.'

What holds Rihanna in time?

' Obsession.'

Even though the body, mind, and heart have already been destroyed, there is no more power to move.

'I want to achieve something here.'

The absolute immutable idea was holding Lian in the middle of life and death.

The universe was filled with Tess's face, ready to explode from her laughter.

'ah??????

At the height of his madness, Lian finally realized the true meaning of Ogent's words.

'I, in order to reach where I want... …

How far can you give up?

Giving up a happy life, giving up the woman you love, giving up your life span, giving up your body.

'I gave up on being human.'

If you still can't reach it, there is probably only one option left to you.

Either throw away the obsession, or throw away everything except the obsession.

'Go ahead!'

When Lian's eyes entered his mind, time began to accelerate toward the future.

'That's right.'

As Ymir's fist pierced the undestroyed sword, 80% of Lian's body was ruptured.

'doesn't care.'

The moment the thought of only cutting settled in the great sword, Ymir's eyes were shocked.

'What is this again?'

Even as Rian's body flew away like a porridge, the great straight sword was being reaped.

'What's left?'

What remains in the place where the body disappears?

' Obsession.'

It was a terrifying obsession.

At the moment of realization, Ymir crouched down and clearly saw the vision of someone drawing in the great sword.

'Ogent.'

All the hair on my head stood on end as a state I could never forget felt through my whole body.

Lian, who had lost his body, gritted his teeth.

'Cut!'

Divine transcendence - the day of divine sword union.

At a speed that far transcended the limits of living things, large straight lines cut through the atmosphere.

If it was a normal sword, the iron would have melted due to the heat of friction before it even went halfway through... … .

'This is my conviction.'

<Idea> is not destroyed.

The speed at which the impact was running was not enough for the sound to catch up, and in the moment of stillness, Ymir threw his upper body back wide with all his might.

' what?'

I thought I had definitely avoided it.

However, when I looked back, there were countless large swords pushing through all the spaces.

'It destroyed my cognition.'

Natasha called it negative beats.

The next moment, the air exploded with a roar.

It was undoubtedly a fallacy.