the world they live in (2)

The border area between Kashan and Jive.

In the middle of the desert where the sun was beating down, a man in a priestly uniform was reading a book.

Curly black hair covered her face like a curtain under her black fedora.

Sitting on a rock, bending his long legs like a stork at right angles, he looked up at the sun and exhaled.

"ha."

Dry smoke billowed out.

“Are you coming again?”

As I lowered my gaze to the horizon, an old man wearing a black umbrella approached me through the haze.

“Are you still holding on to your bible?”

As if God had lifted it up and put it down, the old man was approaching the man before he knew it.

“A life without mercy is like an endless desert.”

“Have you forsaken God?”

the old man added.

“To become a god.” The bible closed with a thud.

“What did you come for?”

“The Lord is looking for you.” The priest's name was Nike, a vampire called Almas, the strongest in history.

“The weather is nice.”

He looked up at the sun, with tanned skin completely different from that of a vampire.

“… … Are you okay?”

Vampires are weak against UV rays, but can survive for some time with their own powerful regeneration.

If it is an Almas class, it can last for about 4 hours on average, but its activity tends to drop.

“Haaaaa.”

Nike, whose brown skin had been burned, exhaled a hot fig, and the skin instantly regenerated.

'He's like a monster.'

Its regenerative ability, which was 10 times stronger than that of other Almas, was close to that of a rod.

“Just because you can endure it doesn’t mean it’s not painful.”

Nike, who tore her lips long, went into a biting state, and the gums near her fangs rose upward.

“There is no eternal life without pain.”

Biting the target is called biting, and suction and injection can be performed in that state.

Suction was the ability to suck blood, and injection was the ability to inject prions to subdue opponents.

“What is your mission this time? Hybrid hunting?”

One-tenth of the half-horses spread all over the world were captured by Nike and subjected to cruel experiments.

“The Jinma has arrived.”

Nike's gaze turned to the old man for the first time.

“You said you would remove all the vampires' weaknesses and take over this world. We are currently collecting blood to wake up the 2 Lords.”

"Right. What am I going to do?”

“Come to Jive. We will find you.”

After saying that, the old man's face changed into that of a hideous bat, and it dug into the ground in an instant.

U 99

Nike looked at Jive's location.

“Is it the promised land?”

When Lian arrives at the Security Headquarters, Benoff is waiting for him to die.

“What happened last night? Your complexion is not good.”

“The captain doesn't look good either. You must have heard of the blood bank case, right?”

“Don’t talk. He cheated us like a gimmick in Xinjiang. Even the magistrate didn't hear it.”

“I was at the scene.”

“You?”

Ryan confessed what had happened the night before.

"what? You met Hunter?”

"yes. There are people who can tell vampires apart. That’s why they were always faster than us.”

“Where are they?”

Lian shook her head.

“Well, they are those who engage in unauthorized activities. So what are you going to do? Are you going to join them too?”

“I am a stranger. I don't want to get involved in the king's affairs. And personally... …

It was an opportunity to find out Smille's secret.

“You say that, but I can’t stop you. But let’s exchange information from time to time.”

Surprisingly, it was so pure.

“What are you thinking?”

"in fact… … I understand your feelings. Apparently, there is an inside spy in the royal castle.”

Benoff made a secret offer.

“Sooner or later, the royal castle will hire hunters from all over the world. You have to release the cat to catch the hiding mouse.”

“People I know will not participate. they… …

“No, it's not like that. The Hunter you know, you said you could know the location of the vampire, right?”

Lian also caught on.

“As long as the conditions are right.”

“There is a job interview for Hunter in the capital. High-ranking officials will also come to observe. This is a great opportunity to uncover insider spies. If you help me with this task, I'll leave the Hunter's work behind.”

It was a good thing for both of them, and if it was Xenia that Rian knew, he would definitely agree.

“Let’s talk. Instead, you must make sure to protect yourself. I'm not going to come out of there myself.”

"know. I just need to know who the spy is. It's a fact that only you and I know, so it won't be revealed.”

After breaking up with Benoff, Lian arrived at Genocide's hideout, paying attention to tailing.

When people who had fallen asleep in the morning woke up one by one, Lian summoned everyone.

“… … I got an offer like this.” Grain said, stroking his chin.

“Inside spy. Certainly, if there are vampires attached to the royal castle, things will be difficult.”

Passett said.

“It's unpleasant to feel like they're looking at us. Anyway, it has something to do with our work, right?”

Most of them seemed to agree, but in the end, the decision was left to Xenia, the person who was Silver.

“I don’t trust anyone.”

Colleagues who knew her character shut up.

“Shall I be honest? It made me feel bad that Ryan had spoken about our affair, so Cartain defended himself.

“They know about Hunter anyway. Silver Bondo. You just said we met.”

“I told you the Silver Bone was here!”

said Fowler.

“I didn't say where. Xenia, that's far-fetched. We also can't find the vampire's hideout, so we keep wandering. Wangseong openly said that he was hiring hunters. Maybe we can find a breakthrough through this incident.”

Xenia did not give up.

“I know, that's a good offer for us. So this is my problem. It's a matter of emotion.”

said Ryan.

“I apologize if I was offended. It's not forcing. I'll cut off contact with you if you want.”

“Don’t treat me like a child! I said good suggestion! Just, I... …

“Yes, that would be scary.”

Xenia is neither a human nor a vampire.

"what?"

“It's scary to hold hands with people you don't trust. But you don't have to hold hands.”

“Heh, you speak easily. What if you try to use me? What if I become a human dog and fight in the future?”

“Then I cut myself.”

Everyone turned to Lian.

“Whether King Jive, Xinjiang, or the Police Corps, if you break your promise, I will fight in your place.”

Xenia couldn't understand Lian.

“How can you say it so easily? are you human too You said you would kill a human for me?”

“It’s too late to think with a sword. You always have to think before that.”

It was Ryan's philosophy.

“It's not love or sacrifice that you can do with sharp metal. To take responsibility for all the deaths I have caused. I have already made that decision.”

“What are you… …

Living as a vampire hunter, Xenia must have also made countless deaths.

Those deaths that may have been ignored.

But Ryan said he would take responsibility.

“You said there was someone you really wanted to protect, right? What is that person doing? What would you do if you were a fugitive for the rest of your life? Will you still fight for me then?”

“Don’t make me say it twice.”

Haven't you already made that decision?

“That is my belief.”

The feeling was so far-fetched that Xenia couldn't find any reason to be stubborn.

“I don’t believe in humans.”

“Xenia.”

Just as Passett was about to step out, Xenia raised her head.

“But since you said you would take responsibility, I will help you this time. You must be by my side.”

"okay."

Rian nodded, and Xenia turned around with a calm expression.

"hungry. Let's eat.”

The corners of Grain's mouth went up slightly.

'You met a nice person, Xenia.'

Everyone has painful memories, but the pain she had to live as a half-horse was longer than others.

'Rian might be able to take responsibility for her cursed life.' No, it was only possible because it was Lian. The genocide team roamed the streets of Lodenin every night to find the vampire's hideout.

A few Besica class vampires were captured, but even they had no information about their superiors.

"damn! Run away like rats!”

In the medical room, Grain's cruel experiment was conducted to find out everything about vampires.

“Kuaaa! I will kill you!” Xenia's expression as she inhaled blood cues was indifferent, but her party noticed her.

'Jenia too... …

I wondered if he had screamed like that.

“Neither can I.”

As if she hadn't thought about that, Xenia stood up and said.

“I have no choice but to hold hands with humans.”

“Are you still thinking about it? Did you already decide to do it? Hunter interview is tomorrow.”

“There is a difference between being forced to do something and doing it voluntarily. Rihanna, are you sure you're ready?"

Lian handed over the hood.

“I will wear this and go in. There will be no background checks, we just have to watch from the highest level.” It was the limit of Benoff's authority, but since Lian was by his side, he had no choice but to believe.

Passett saw off.

"Have a safe trip. There is no dispatch today, so you can come and eat something delicious when it is over.”

“Do you think we are going to play?”

“Still, you two are alone. Have a good time.”

As if Xenia didn't like Passett's whisper, she turned around, putting off answering.

“Huh, anyway, it’s cute.”

On the way to the hunter interview site in the capital, Lian asked Xenia wearing a hood.

" are you okay?"

“I think I can hold on. The sun is not strong today.”

Nevertheless, at the point where the attention of others disappeared, he took out the Blood Q and inhaled it.

"there is."

I felt it from the moment I arrived at the royal castle.

“A vampire.”

“How many objects?”

Xenia rolled her eyes.

“Not that many. 3 to 4 people. But it's all Almas. Are you okay? You wouldn't be able to survive with a number like this.”

“Who says you can’t stand it?”

Although Lian did his best in all battles after entering Lodenin, he was still a human standard.

The essence is yaksha.

If the plan was to destroy the entire area, even the Al Mas class would be able to protect Xenia.

After a formal inspection by Venoff, the two men entered the Coliseum with their weapons in their possession.

The place where the guards were stationed was their seat, and the royal castle officials were sitting in the seats across from them.

"see?"

“Uh, two.”

Xenia inhaled the Blood Q again.

“Hey, young secretary. it's a vampire And the old man sitting in the VIP seat. The author is also a vampire.”

I was naturally in the shade.

“His Highness is coming!”

Mayer, the King of Jive, stepped onto the podium.

Guard 'Xinjiang' took a position in the back with his legs together and his waist twisted 45 degrees.

'All of them are strong.' Mayer proclaimed.

“As the capital of the kingdom is infested with demons, it has come to the point of convening talented hunters from all over the country. I hope you will use your abilities to the fullest and contribute to the peace of Jive.”

The iron gate went up and 100 Hunters entered the center of the Colosseum.

Lian, who was watching their faces, heard heavy breathing and turned to Xenia.

"what's the matter?"

The face hidden by the hood was engulfed in astonishment.

'That guy.'

The person who caught her gaze was a priest with black hair that hung down to her shoulders with an impression resembling a hawk.

Two pieces of iron were rolled into a circle and hung over his shoulders, and a cross was tattooed under his chin.

“Nikee… …

Xenia's teeth creaked.

He was the enemy who killed her parents and the one who drove her into the laboratory.