[535] Last World (3)

In the confrontation between guns and magic, the underground people tried to strike preemptively according to their inclination, but Sirone's reason was faster than that.

'Photon Cannon!'

As the spheres of light rushed in flashes, the seven underworlders scattered in different directions.

Too-ta-ta-ta-ta!

The forest was filled with kinetic energy that could kill people, and bullets and flashes flew nonstop, aiming at each other's necks.

'This is not enough.'

There was too much cover, so the rectangle didn't come out.

'It's really nimble. What are they doing?'

It was a situation where you couldn't just throw yourself into a barrel that was spraying bullets like rain while running on trees.

'I need more power.'

After concentrating the power of the photons she floated in her right hand, Sirone leapt towards the enemy lines.

Zigzag teleportation, avoiding the fire, threw a photon cannon at an underground man hiding behind a tree.

As the omnipotence was amplified by the magic action, the trees were broken, and the underground person who was hit by the shock wave collapsed vomiting blood.

“Gagging!”

'Now there are 6 people.'

Sirone flung herself behind a rock and fired a photon cannon at the top of her head.

The underground man who was jumping was hit in the stomach and fell.

'5 people.'

"Leader! Surprise doesn't work! It must have eyes on the back too!”

"shut up! Just lucky! Everyone run! Otherwise, you will starve!”

“Kiyaaaa!”

Underground people reminded of hunger flew in from all sides.

However, with the Spirit Zone open, Sirone could clearly see their trajectory.

'oh my god… … .'

Woodgar was looking at the scene unfolding in front of him with a bewildered expression.

It's not just because she's strong, it's because Sirone's abilities control light.

For the photosynthesizing Children of the Sun, light was life, and that is why everyone followed the Archons.

“Brother, this sound!”

Woodgar jumped to his senses and shouted.

“It's a big deal! Ra's warning... … !”

In the meantime, Sirone, who had killed three more people, heard the Wood family's voice coming through the tinnitus and suddenly remembered it.

'magnetic field!'

The reason for waiting for a while at the entrance of the forest must have been because the electromagnetic field was formed around the tree of life.

“Let's escape! I do not have time!"

After escaping from enemy lines, Sirone grabbed Udgar and Hamei and cast teleportation.

“Chase! Don't miss it!”

"eat! I eat today!”

Because of the terrain with many obstacles, teleportation was not enough to completely evade the underground people who jumped over the trees.

"hey! chasing you! hurry!"

Sirone gritted his teeth and concentrated.

As I split my thoughts to the limit, the flash passed through the trees as if reflected in a mirror.

As the desperate underground people mobilized all their firepower, bullet marks hit the floor and chased after Sirone like a snake.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Upon discovering the entrance to the forest, Sirone devoted herself to speeding up the connection speed of teleportation.

Then I heard a beeping sound and I got a huge headache.

“Keugh!”

After falling to the ground due to the broken spirit zone, Sirone and the others hurriedly crawled out of the forest.

“Aaaaaagh!”

When I turned my head to the desperate screams, the underground people who couldn't get out were holding their heads and suffering.

"help me! Aaaaaa!”

It was only 30 meters to the entrance, but they could not bear the pain and did not even think of coming out.

Blood leaked out of the bloody veins in his ruptured eyes, and he suddenly let out a desperate cry and stopped struggling.

Woodgar said in a trembling voice.

“… … dead If you ignore Ra's warning, that's what happens."

Then, he hurriedly turned to Sirone.

“Who are you? How do you have that ability? Not even children of the sun.”

They couldn't understand it anyway, but Sirone had no intention of talking to them right now.

'Magic… … .'

I lived in a world where magic exists.

However, the image of himself entering the capsule of artificial hibernation still remained in his memory.

'Still, it's a positive thing that new memories keep coming up. First of all, I need a safe place.'

Sirone finally looked back at the Wood family.

“Take me to where you live.”

When Sirone handed it over, Woodga nodded.

“Yeah, that’s right. you are our slave But it's too late to go back inside today. You won't be able to get out of the contaminated area.”

Sirone realized what Woodgar meant when he pointed to the sun.

'There is one way. But will it really happen?'

broad interest.

As the golden wings spread brilliantly behind Sirone's shoulder, Hamei looked at him as if possessed.

"wow… … .”

The name of the sun called Ra by the children of the sun.

Also, as the only god who created life, it was written in the Bible that he commanded angels with wings of light with his limbs.

“Brother, maybe that person… … .”

The reason why Hamey had stopped talking had something to do with Woodgar not saying anything.

The colony already has an archon.

Since there can't be two incarnations of Ra in one colony, I wasn't sure if taking Sirone was the right decision.

'No, I can't spend the night here anyway.'

Sun children who have just been born need to be as comfortable as possible in a place exposed to light.

Woodgar, who made the decision, led Hamei.

“Let’s go for now. It's not our fault. You should report it honestly to the Archon.”

As the two held hands, Sirone looked up at the sky and slammed down the wings of light.

As the air exploded with a bang and rose to a height of several tens of meters, Woodga and Hamei were startled by a flight they had never experienced before.

On the other hand, Sirone calmly looked around the landscape.

'I'm used to it too. Then, is magic the real memory?'

As I raised the altitude, the scenery of the destroyed world came into my eyes.

Numerous creatures were flying between burnt-out matchstick-like buildings, and sparse forests were created over the horizon.

'It's not just one or two places like this. It's definitely civilization.'

But again, the largest part of the field of view was the contaminated area covered in mottled mucus.

'More than 70 percent of the city has been engulfed. What is that? I think I might remember.'

Woodgar, who had regained his composure, pointed in the direction.

"That's our colony."

A cross-section of a chunk of scrap metal completely filled in between the gaps hidden by the building.

“Okay, let’s go!”

Although they warned them in advance, the children of the sun could not hold back their screams at the speed of the flight as if the landscape was being sucked in.

* * *

A distance that would take half a day on foot, Sirone arrived in less than 10 minutes.

When I landed on the asphalt road, buildings that were once over 60 stories were broken in half, blocking my surroundings.

"Follow me. I'll take you to the scribe. But once you arrive at the hive, don't act recklessly.”

After passing through the forest of buildings, a pyramid with entangled steel frames appeared.

It was a great scale to see that it was made by humans, and barricades were installed on the outskirts.

“The gathering mission has been completed. open the way.”

As Woodgar spoke to the sentry, two burly white men punched his left breast.

"Thank you for your effort. Come in.”

The sentries were of no race, sex, or age, but they had a common feeling that something was missing in their eyes.

'It looks familiar. Are they the ones who woke up from artificial hibernation?'

Inside the Pyrmid was brighter than expected.

Sirone looked up at the orb of light floating on the ceiling.

'Light Magic Shining. There is also a wizard here.'

Udgar took Hamei to the incubation room.

The old woman, who had been handed the newborn sun child, put the child down in a place covered with soft light, and only then did the crying stop.

“You have suffered. It must not have been an easy journey.”

“Hehe, it was okay because Wood and oppa went with me. From now on, I think I can do it alone.”

Knowing that the mission was not as easy as it sounds, the old woman just smiled gently.

“By the way, who is that slave?”

“Ah, I found the shelter of the ancients this time. Hamei found it. however… … .”

Woodgar hesitated and told the old woman what had happened at the Tree of Life.

“Hmm, that’s right… … .”

The thoughtful old woman nodded, wondering if she had any idea, and stroked Woodgar's hair.

“Looking at it, it would be better for me to do it. Don't worry, Hamei will tell you what he found."

Udgar and Hamei's faces straightened.

To be honest, I was at a loss as to how to report.

"yes. Then please.”

When the two of them left the culture room as if they were running away, the old woman suddenly turned into a cold look and said to Sirone.

“Follow me. There is a ceremony for you to perform.”

Syrone followed the old woman to the top of the pyramid and waited at the door until she finished reporting to the scribe.

Finally, the door opened, revealing a scene of a temple with a neatly laid floor unlike anything I had seen before.

There was an altar at the end of the road with burning torches, and a strong-looking man with short green hair was sitting on the throne above it.

“Arson, it is an ancient man who is said to have used the power of light.”

The scribe lowered his head, and the Archon Aroeja's eyes pierced Sirone fiercely.

“Is what the scribe said true?”

When Sirone showed no reaction, the consul called an old man wearing a robe who was waiting in the corner.

“Priestess, investigate this boy.”

The old man approached Sirone, risking even walking, and twirled his palms while reciting something like an incantation with his sunken mouth.

"This… … ?”

Sirone opened his eyes wide when he saw the old man's palms glowing bluish.

Golden cords appeared as if wiping a frosted glass window along the spot where the hand passed.

The incantation continued endlessly, and the old man swung his hand even wider as he examined the codes surrounding Sirone.

Then, scanning Sirone's face all the way to her belly, another code appeared as her body became translucent.

“Hmm, is that so… … .”

The old man held out his right hand in the air and pretended to grab it.

Then, the arrangement of a specific code was caught in the hand as a pattern engraved on a transparent band.

Then, with his left hand, he scanned Sirone's head again to reveal the cord, then pulled the sash and connected it.

“Huh!”

At the sudden flood of information, Shirone throbbed with her limbs stretched out.

“The word of God will work miracles for you.”

Having said that, the old man turned to the consul.

“Confirmed, Archon. The language of light is written on this boy's body.”

“It is deplorable. Why did Ra inscribe the language of light on the slave?”

When the archon turned his right hand over, a huge orb of light rose from the palm of his hand and soared to the ceiling.

'Shining... … .'

Even in the process of merging the language of the children of the sun with the information in the brain, Sirone could clearly see the scene.

When the Shining magic was cast, everyone in the temple raised their hands and let out a roaring cry.

“You incarnation of Ra! Give us life!”

The archon raised his chin arrogantly and gave the order.

“Erase the language of light. Only those who obey us will be able to continue a life of miserable eating.”

'Erasing what?'

Little by little, Sirone noticed the hostility in the old man's eyes.

“Don’t resent me. The sun is one in the colony.”

The old man stirred the air with his right hand and this time grabbed the belt with the red code written on it.

Then, the light from her left hand was applied to Sirone, exposing the cord, and connecting them as if they were tying a belt.

“Aaaaaaaaa!”

As the tremendous shock was applied to my brain, the flood of information that I couldn't handle filled my head.

“Be patient! For a slave, let there be only obedience!”

'I am not a slave!'

Sirone resisted the ego-destroying code and bit her molars hard.

As the spirit zone tightened, a frame began to form.

When the overload occurred at the point where the old man's code and Sirone's code collided, the frightened priest shuddered.

“Oh, this can’t be… … . how… … .”

The whites of Sirone's eyes were visible, and his eyelids trembled.

'You have to hold on. If I can't hold out here, it's the end.'

Gold River Fire!

When the indestructible state of mind was established, Sirone's eyes opened and the Spirit Zone expanded infinitely.

As the codes exploded with a bang, the priest standing nearby screamed and flew to the front of the altar.

He struggled to straighten his upper body and continued to speak the words he was trying to say with a pale face.

“How can you deny the language of God… … .”

Sirone touched the spot where the cord was connected and glared at the archon sitting on the altar.

“What are you trying to do to me?”

“… … .”

Syrone information recovery rate.

57 percent.

---------------------------------------