[275] 1. Hostile Friendly Relations (4)

But Sirone was different.

In her opinion, <everyday gift> is meaningful in that you can feel the anticipation of the gift every day rather than the material value. 

In that sense, Sirone's propensity to explore objects had something in common with her appearance when she first obtained <Everyday Gift>.

"that's right. That's why I once invited a master of schema. He was a world-class professional gambler, although he cannot be named. I hit 10 times with the same force for 10 days, but the results were different each time. But I still see it as valid as a gamble.”

"why? Did you find any other traits?”

Ji-on couldn't bear the boredom and yawned.

Of course, he knows that it is important to understand the <Guidelines> of the object. 

However, such headaches can only be done by the lower ones. The royal family simply buys objects and enjoys them.

Either way, Uorin's gaze was focused only on Sirone.

“It is because of the statistics. It's been exactly 1,003 days since I got my hands on this roulette. In other words, 1,002 times except today. Among them, miracles came out twice. 823 simple gifts, 171 pleasant gifts, and 6 excessive gifts.”

Sirone understood what Uorin was trying to say.

“Aha, probability and statistics roughly match. If so, the variable should be considered fair. Maybe that variable is something that humans can't control... … ?”

Uorin pointed at Sirone and shouted.

“Exactly! The fact that statistics follow probability means that there is no trick. Therefore, this objet still has value as a tool for gambling.”

Sirone rested her chin on her head and thought.

Statistically speaking, fair rules exist. But even the world's best gamblers couldn't pay the same. Then, in the end, it was said that it is a variable that activates in an area that humans cannot control.

“Is it an extremely sensitive sensor, or is it uncontrollable with muscle strength?”

"yes. That's what experts say too. They said it would be an error at the quantum level.”

It's the quantum level.

Certainly, it was impossible to control the weight of electrons, which are lighter than atoms, with muscle power. In the end, it means that although it looks childish, it is an extremely precise object.

Sirone examined the <daily gift> more closely than before.

From the outside, it just looked like an old antique. Crude wooden case. A miniature clown was smiling and childish pictures were drawn on the hemispherical surface.

Suddenly, I thought of the children in the gypsy village having fun playing roulette. Normally, it would be a heartwarming sight, but now I felt a bit creepy.

“If a miracle comes out, what kind of gift will you give?”

Wu Lin's face hardened coldly.

“I can’t tell you that.”

Sirone stared blankly at her. Then she came back with a cute expression, sticking out her tongue as if she had never done that.

“Hehe, just kidding. It's no fun if you tell me in advance. Ah, come back now.”

“Um, is that so?”

Sirone also stopped analyzing and prepared to go into battle.

I try to flick my fingers, but it is impossible to control with human power anyway. 

Just leave everything to luck. Towards a childish future where only pleasure awaits.

“Then let’s begin.”

Sirone put her finger on the tip of the indicator and flicked it.

tyrriri. The arrow turned with a sound that could only be heard from a toy.

Uorin looked up at him with his eyes shining. Just this time, Zion seemed to be interested as well, so he crossed her arms and fixed her eyes on her roulette wheel.

When the indicator stopped, Uorin hit the table and stood up.

"wow! It is an excessive gift! This is a 4 percent chance!”

Sirone was so nervous that she couldn't even feel the joy of winning at such a low probability.

The roulette ran exactly according to the <instructions>. What will happen now?

smart!

Sirone turned to the door at the sound of a knock. But no matter how long he waited, he couldn't feel any more presence.

"come! Brother, get out quickly!”

Sirone walked quickly to the door. On the other hand, it took quite a long time to prepare the mind before opening the door.

When I pulled the doorknob, I saw a scene where a torch was burning in a square cave.

Not even pretending to be popular, not a single fly flew around.

Sirone recalled <gravity> and looked at the floor. There was a gift box decorated with a red ribbon.

A shudder ran down my spine when I saw the gift that appeared all at once.

This is an enclosed space. I didn't even hear the first door open. So, who the hell knocked?

“Brother, show me quickly. I mean, I'm curious.”

When Uorin urged, Sirone took the gift and put it down on the table with a feeling of embarrassment.

Ji-on and Woo-rin pulled their necks out like turtles and examined them.

"It's your brother's, so let him solve it."

When I pulled the red ribbon, the square bundle came loose by itself.

It was a romantic sight, but Sirone handled the gift carefully as if he were dealing with explosives.

"huh? What is this?"

The gift box contained a porcelain doll.

It was a three-headed girl with black hair that reached her ankles. Eyelashes were long, and jeweled pupils looked like real human eyes.

It wasn't a particularly grotesque form, but Sirone felt disgust to the point that he didn't even want to touch it.

It is said that the point where humans feel the most fear is the middle point between the unfamiliar and the familiar.

The same was true of porcelain dolls. 

The proportions are messy and lifeless, but the hair, eyelashes, and eyes are the same as those of humans, which terrifies the viewer.

Uorin, on the other hand, opened her eyes wide and showed interest.

“Oh, this?”

Unknowingly, Uorin, who had lost her hand to the doll, hesitated and looked at Sirone. She may feel burdened if you show interest even after you promise to give her a gift.

Sirone readily yielded. He honestly hated even looking at him.

"are you okay. I don't know what it is, so take a look."

Uorin carefully took out the doll, fearing that the surface might be cracked.

Ji-on followed it with his gaze.

He had no knowledge of dolls, but he couldn't help but know that. It was her sister's main collection, which she herself had sought out and saved.

“It’s El Crouch’s non-jointed jointed doll.”

"huh? El Crouch?”

Uorin pointed the doll at the ceiling light and looked inside the porcelain face. As expected, it was genuine with no traces of jointing.

Confident, she said belatedly.

“El Crouch is a doll maker. It is famous for not using glue. Only twelve items of Crouch's belongings have been released, but they all have owners. I also own four points. In short, this is an unpublished work. If we put it up for auction, we will start with at least 100 million gold.”

"what? 100 million gold?”

Sirone's eyes widened.

The cost of living for a commoner family in the Kingdom of Tormia for a year was approximately 100 gold. Furthermore, the poor Sirone's house had to spend a year with 50 gold before entering the Ogent family's butler.

Even compared to the income of a wizard, not a commoner, it was a huge amount.

The average annual salary of a wizard who has just entered the profession is about 4,000 gold, and even a certified 6th grade wizard does not exceed 200,000 gold. In short, it was money that Shiina-sensei had to work hard for 500 years to collect.

From the 5th grade or higher, which is classified as a middle class, the annual salary varies widely depending on the skill, but considering that the annual salary of a 3rd grade great wizard in the capital of Kazra was about 30 million, 100 million was an amount that would make any noble look different.

'Wait, come to think of it... … .'

The amount didn't matter. How could an El Crouch memento be selected as a gift?

If it is the work of an artist, it is definitely an object that exists in the world. If you don't give a gift after preparing it in advance, it can be said that you moved objects in a certain space in an instant.

“… … How is this possible?”

“It is an object. Excessive gifts judge the value of scarcity. Once, a deep-sea fish that looked like a human face arrived. but died right away There is no guarantee that excessive gifts are necessarily expensive. In that respect, El Crouch's dolls are a great material advantage. I might sell this.”

Uorin looked at Sirone.

“Hey, that’s what I mean… … .”

Sirone could guess without hearing.

He said he had already collected four dolls. She was ugly to others, but if you were a maniac, she couldn't be more lovable.

“Take it if you want it. This much can be given as a gift.”

"yes? Oh no! Until you need to! I was just going to buy this for 100 million. But I thought my brother would hate this kind of deal... … .”

He seemed to remember that on the first day he was invited to the royal castle, he lost his temper when Eliza offered to buy a castle for Sirone's parents.

"haha! that's right. I don't need money. You can just take it. Objects are yours anyway.”

If it was 100 million gold, it was a waste of money even for Sirone.

However, if the subject of concession was Kazura's supreme power, Uorin, it was worth giving up. No matter how good money is, it won't be more expensive than your life.

As expected, Ji-on distorted his face.

How would you go about owing a debt to your brother and your rival for the throne? No matter how immature he is, this time his thoughts were too short.

'No, is it really so?'

Suddenly, an ominous thought flashed through Ji-on's mind.

Uorin is a younger sister who follows her brother's words. Although she is Thera's direct successor, she has never disrespected herself.

But today was a little strange.

It was Uorin who decided where to meet Shirone.

Of course, she likes to show off her objects, so her choice of the gallery is understandable. However, among the many objects, why was it a <everyday gift>?

'Because it is the most probabilistic object... … .'

There would be no problem if Sirone was caught in a simple gift of 75 percent. 

However, the result is an excessive gift of 4%. 

In addition, the gift was a porcelain doll of El Crouch, which Uorin cherished so much.

'Uorin is not an idiot who owes anyone anything. Maybe he was testing the odds on Sirone? If so, she is weighing me and you with poetry... … .'

Just imagining it made my throat burn.

Delusion. It's a mere coincidence. You should think so.

When Sirone wins even with a 4% chance, what does it mean that it is not a coincidence that Uorin chooses <Everyday Gift>?

Besides, she is the daughter of Theraze. Even if you pretend not to know, you will not be without the ambition of the king. Even if Sirone liked her, she wasn't a child with an empty head in her head enough to betray her biological brother who held Kazura's power.

“Ah, it’s really pretty. Thank you, sirone brother.”

As Sirone looked at Uorin, who was happy hugging the porcelain doll, she understood why her older brothers cared for their little sister.

But the happy smile soon turned to worry. No matter how much I thought about it, the object was not a normal object.

“Uorin, you better not play this roulette from now on.”

"huh? Why?”

Sirone looked at the <Every Day Gift> uncomfortably.

“It makes no sense. No magic can violate the principle of equivalent exchange. Even eating out of the rules is a kind of mental equivalent exchange. On the other hand, objects are so bizarre. If you keep getting gifts this way, you might end up paying the price someday.”

Uorin blinked for a moment and carefully placed the porcelain doll in the box. Then she sat down, put her chin on her chin, and flicked the guide system of the <Every Day Gift>, which had no effect.

“Hmm, I know what you mean. But nothing in the world is 100% safe if you put it that way. For example, there are more deaths from kitchen knives than objects.”

“But there are fewer users of objects than kitchen knives. There's a difference between 1 in 10 dying and 10 out of 100 dying. You can't just measure it by numbers. Besides, I heard that there are definitely people who die as objects, right?”

Uorin held out the <Every day gift> to Sirone.

“It was 240 years ago that this object first appeared in the world. And some of the people who owned these things actually died a miserable death.”

---------------------------------------