[238] 4. Combat Simulation (8)

Even after the battle began, Dante did not move. To be honest, I didn't even expect a tier 6 summon to appear.

“How about surrendering now before being humiliated? Then I will cancel your kneeling.”

“Awesome. How do you get Gaos?”

Boyle's shoulders shrugged as Dante gave him a tired expression.

“If it were me, I would have been disgusted and didn’t even want to go near it. How many years did you live with that monster? Surely you haven't crossed the forbidden line, have you? Kkeukkeuk.”

Boyle's eyes widened.

Due to the nature of the summoning wizard's job, it is natural to live with beasts for a long time. In fact, some eccentric wizards cross the forbidden line to complete the empathy phase.

It was a fact that any magician would know, but even so, saying it out of the mouth was a clear mockery.

“I will definitely make you kneel in front of me.”

Gaos rushed at such a speed that it was difficult to keep up with his gaze. Even Sirone, who had fought against Ulk in the slash-and-burn village, did not want to deal with Gaos.

'What will Dante do?'

Contrary to expectations, Dante avoided his seat with a standard teleportation.

But it couldn't stop Gaos. 

The monster twisted rapidly and approached Dante's nose, brandishing its claws.

Everyone thought it was over.

But at that moment, Gaos' movements slowed down.

"what?"

Gaos, whose mind was connected to Boyle, looked at the floor. Before I knew it, a small magic circle was shining.

Sirone could tell the type of magic circle just by looking at the effect.

“A slow magic circle?”

Dante mocked, putting a shaved hand on his head.

“Are you still far away? They say it's tier 6, but it's very slow."

Enraged, Gaos strained his muscles, but he couldn't twist the flow of time with force.

Aaaaaang!

Gaos finally escaped the magic circle and charged Dante with a scream.

However, this time, he was caught in the pre-laid slow magic circle and fell into a miserable situation again.

Dante, who had been staring at me pathetically, yawned and pointed down.

“Look at the land, the land. Are you stupid?”

“You bastard! How dare you mock me!”

As Boyle shouted, a hose connected to Gaos' spine generated electricity. The lightning outside the area of ​​the magic circle devastated the place where Dante was.

It was safe to say that it was over because the 6th tier summon was hit by the magic cast.

But the seat was already empty.

Boyle realized the reason belatedly.

“A welcome magic circle?”

A small magic circle was drawn on the spot burned by lightning. It was a trick he had been making since he cast the first slow magic circle.

'Where did you go?'

Behind Boyle, who looked around, Dante put on his shoulder. Boyle, so shocked that her heart skipped a beat, couldn't lift a finger at her.

Dante's face popped up over Boyle's shoulder.

“Are you kidding me? It's been a long time since I've accepted a challenge, so do it properly."

“Kuh! Go, Gaos!”

As Gaos returned with ferocious momentum, Dante teleported away again.

Based on the battles so far, Sirone realized Dante's main specialty.

"I see. It’s a magic circle battle using light magic, especially information magic.”

The photon output Sirone learned before the speed gun test. It was information-based magic that was applied there.

Since photons have the fastest information transmission speed, they are compatible with magic circles.

Isn't Halo, the ability of an angel, also the source of light?

In addition, the magic circle that Dante used was a disposable instant magic circle.

Although the holding time is only about 1 minute, the time it takes to build a magic circle is also short, less than 1 second.

Currently, dozens of magic circles were floating around Dante.

Gaos, who was running endlessly, stopped for the first time when he saw the changed scenery around him.

Closer, who was watching the battle, raised an eyebrow.

“Reflective magic circle. I was caught. Boyle can't escape.”

Boyle looked around with a serious face. Wherever her eyes turned, a magic circle shimmered.

There were a total of 48 magic circles, and as a result of examining them with the superhuman senses of the summoning wizard, they were 57.62 centimeters in diameter and the same size and shape.

Dante approached with his hands raised like a conductor.

"Welcome to Dante's Playground."

"shut up!"

Dante fired an air strike at the reflective magic circle. The moment Gaos approached Dante's nose, an air strike that bounced 7 magic circles like a cushion hit Gaos' side.

Dante's not even thinking about avoiding meant that he had complete control over time and space.

Dante spread his magic here and there as if conducting.

The air strike traveled around the magic circle in a three-dimensional trajectory and attacked Gaos by multiplying into two from the copy magic circle.

Aaaaaa!

No matter how high Gaos' physical ability was, it was too much for him to be repeatedly hit by air strikes reinforced by magic circles.

Boyle was devastated. No matter where I moved Gaos, air strikes hit me directly. At the moment of three consecutive hits, the summoning was almost canceled.

"What happened? Would the Gaos of the world have to fall under such an attack?”

The reason why he endures Dante's ridicule is that the duration of the magic circle is coming to an end.

If you hold on a little longer, the opportunity will come. If you don't miss one chance, you still have a chance to win.

“Now!”

When the magic circle disappeared, Gaos rushed at full speed.

A slow magic circle was spread in each section, but Boyle was not going to get hit twice by the same trick.

As if laughing at Boyle's idea, Dante placed two slow magic circles around Gaos' shoulders and knees.

As different times were applied to each part, the balance collapsed and Gaos' body flipped over.

“You are such a fool. The magic circle is also magic. If you avoid it, you can hang it directly on your body.”

Boyle gritted it. What kind of a bastard is he, treating a Tier 6 pet like a child?

Gaos seemed to have a hard time even getting up.

Even if it is a virtual summon, its characteristics are the same as the real one, so apart from the magician's spirit, it could not fight if its physical strength fell.

"are you okay? Your darling is sick.”

“You son of a bitch!”

Boyle, who was humiliated in the place where everyone was watching, caused Gaos with this judge.

Blue lightning surged from his body and transformed into an electric body.

It was a self-destruct attack that even Gaos did not use before making a life-and-death decision.

Aaaaaang!

“Are you giving up already? It's too boring.”

Dante pointed his finger at Gaos. Ten magic circles were spread on the floor in a line, and after a while, they all stood up.

It was the Rising Target, a technology of information magic.

'That's an amplification magic circle... … .'

Boyle calculated the distance. It can be expected that if all the air strikes pass through the magic circles lined up, the power will be nearly 10 times greater.

However, with Gaos' speed, it was possible to pass through at least four magic circles and enter. If so, Dante's amplification count was relatively reduced to 6, so it was a situation worth betting on.

'In terms of power, I have the upper hand. I go to Ganggong.'

The moment Gaos reached the first magic circle, Dante launched an air strike.

However, the air strike was shot to the wrong place, not to Gaos. 

An air strike that flew somewhere in front bounced off the triangular cushion and came back from the farthest point of the rising target.

'Did you calculate the distance in reverse?'

Gaos and magic were rushing in the same direction, so Air Strike could reach through all 10 magic circles.

Boyle never gave up hope. Even so, Gaos is fast. The point was to hit Dante before he got hit by an air strike.

“I won!”

When Gaos reached the final magic circle, Boyle involuntarily shouted.

However, Gaos' movement slowed down rapidly as if his hopes were being shattered.

By the time I realized that the last magic circle was a slow, I was already in an irreversible situation.

Although he is a summoning wizard with superhuman powers of observation, he could not confirm what the last magic circle was in a situation where 10 magic circles overlapped.

When the air strike that passed through the nine magic circles hit the back, Gaos, which bounced off in a diagonal line, disappeared.

Boyle could only stand there, dejected.

If you forcefully squeeze it out, you might be able to summon it again. But I didn't want to.

Dante had a genius understanding of time and space. His tactic of turning the situation to his advantage with information magic and gradually driving him into a dead end made him lose the will to fight.

Dante shrugged.

“Could this be the end? Even though I've seen it this far, you're disappointing me.”

“Don’t be cocky. It was a short hair difference. Even if Gaos had a little more health left, it was you who would suffer!”

“Yeah, I guess I should take comfort in that way. But you know what? If I put my mind to it, I could have finished it anytime.”

“Nonsense! You also do your best... … !”

A magic circle glowed beneath Boyle's feet, and his body sank.

Immediately, it escaped through the bottom of the magic circle floating in the sky and fell in front of Dante.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Pinned to the ground, Boyle arched his back, unable to bear the pain.

Dante clicked his tongue and shook his head.

“Don’t you know that passive magic is judged jungle? The magic circle is also a passive skill.”

“Keugh! you… … When will the magic circle under me... … .”

“Well, when? Guess it.”

Boyle recalled the battle. However, Dante was busy avoiding Gaos and he never approached him.

No, it only happened once.

"no way… … The reason for the shoulder to shoulder... … .”

“That is correct. I can activate a magic circle with a time difference. We call this the time walk. Summoning wizards usually stay put because they deal with two selves, right? Besides, the technique of turning the magic circle upside down is quite difficult because it's called a spin. After all, while you were preoccupied with Darling, I was always ready to kill you. Got it, mama boy?”

“You, you child… … !”

“But now I am fed up. Let's finish it."

After Dante's words were finished, a magic circle appeared again and Boyle shuddered down and disappeared.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Boyle, who moved a total of 7 space movement magic circles in a complex pattern, could not come to his senses.

The reason I couldn't even resist was because the actual distance was zero.

It was no different than just standing there.

Dante calculated the time and fired an air strike. He bounced exactly six times and the magic struck Boyle on the back as he fell backwards.

When it was judged to be eaten, the two bracelets lit up.

In Boyle's field of vision, the scenery of 2,000 disappeared and the floor spread out with physical blocks.

The students were silent as if shocked.

Boyle didn't know what surprised them. It bounced mindlessly and was only hit in a blind spot.

On the other hand, what the students saw was a kind of stunt.

Boyle and Air Strike crossed in the air and collided at exactly one point, and that was the end of the match.

It was not a skill that could be followed just because it could be calculated.

Dante looked back at the silent students and asked Shiina.

“Sir, could you please turn on the percentage gauge?”

It is usually reluctant to disclose his power, but Dante was confident.

Shiina used the master bracelet to float the percentage gauge.

His mental strength hadn't decreased by even 1/50.

Sirone realized that it was a message from Dante. The reason why the consumption of mental power is low even after making numerous magic circles is because it is basic magic.

Photon output is a magic that anyone can easily do, and it is not difficult to construct simple information with it. 

It was calculated that it was much more efficient to install 5 magic circles that amplified magic power by 10 times than magic circles that amplified magic by 10 times.

However, the effect created by the magic circles interlocking was enough to treat Tier 6 Gaos as if it were a pet.

A tactic that does not give up the initiative throughout the battle, presses the opponent bit by bit and eventually drowns it.

That was Shining Boy Dante's way of fighting.

---------------------------------------