Twilight (4)

Kang Nan approached Gaold.

" are you okay?"

With his eyes wide open, he seemed to have suffered a great psychological shock.

'It has to be.'

Gangnan doesn't know Gaold's pain, but he knows how great the gap between imagination and reality is.

'The pupil must be Gaia's Ultima that Mr. Louver said. Gaold was defined in an instant.' With pain that humans can't bear.

"hey! Is everyone okay?”

Sein came running with the Merchant Union.

“Did you really do it?”

Merchants were surprised by the destruction of the weapons warehouse, but Sein's expression was serious.

“That eye... …

"okay. Merchants can't seem to see it. the compromise is broken Sirone and Miro awaken... …

It was Gaold's turn.

Sein watched Gaold for a long time as he lay there still dazed.

'Is that how it happened?' If the real world was true, then I could guess why fall would not happen.

'It must be a great fear.'

Gangnan said.

“The more we wake up, the more the world collapses. Ymir is still targeting us.”

Should I have done nothing?

"let's go."

Gaold stood up.

“You don’t have to think too deeply. I need to find Miro first. He must have gone to his home base.”

Gangnan asked.

“Are you okay?”

Can I awaken again?

Even Gaold himself wasn't sure, but he didn't stop.

“My awakening means that Miro and Shiro’s condition is different from what we know. I can get it.”

Kang Nan felt a faint nostalgia.

'That kind of person.'

Forgetting is also an ability.

'A person who erases even the pain he can never forget from his memory and runs.'

It was a human extreme.

The headquarters of the Tamo organization was a four-story building.

Bullets rained down on the 2nd and 3rd floors, and the maze bounced them off with abilities close to divine.

'I'm getting a sense of it.'

Instead of simply bouncing, he returned the bullets and counterattacked the enemies.

"damn! What the hell is that?” Those who pursued them in the harbor fired from the rear, but were unable to penetrate Sirone's abilities.

couldn't

Miro gained confidence.

“Okay, brother! We'll keep going like this!”

“These children… … !”

One member of the organization who couldn't win in a minute pulled out the safety pin of the grenade and threw it to the ground.

"no!"

The officer shouted, but the grenade was already flying towards the maze in a parabolic arc.

"Oh yea!"

Thousand Hands Guanyin snapped it off, and the grenade flew to the third floor and exploded.

“Aaaaaa! it's annoying!"

Standing up on his own two feet in an impregnable realm, Arius grabbed his head and turned his back.

"What's with that bastard!" The psychological attack was also significant.

“Captain! This is annihilation!”

Tamo, who was looking down at the ground from the fourth-floor window, carefully inspected the battle scene.

'Use a strange ability.'

It seemed to bounce back sonic bullets and even extinguish the power itself.

“It is beautiful.”

His subordinates, who knew that Tamo was asexual, were surprised by the words that came out of his mouth.

' The captain... …

According to rumors, he was captured by the enemy when he was a mercenary.

They subjected Tamo to all sorts of torture and even removed her genitals.

Perhaps his brutal and superhuman fighting ability was manifested from then on.

“There are 100 people on the 1.5th floor, but not all of them will be the same program.”

Louver said.

“There must be a difference in combat level. And perhaps the leader, Tamo, is painless.”

Mona asked.

“You mean you don’t feel pain?”

"hmm. Such parameters must be applied. It was deformed in the first place, or it was an acquired accident. Anyway, the important thing is that Tamo resembles Ymir.”

Mongah rested her chin.

“Hmm, giants are neutral. Besides, this Mir is so strong that it cannot feel any resistance.”

“There is no sense of life. Its state can be inferred from Ymir's demon. It is now extinct, but it is said that it was a very greedy existence.”

“It is a lack of desire.”

Louver nodded.

“It is impossible to even realize the sense of life except for an incredibly huge shock. So he wanders in search of a battlefield. With a sense that is so nervous that humans can't imagine.”

Just like creatures mating.

“You can never go wrong. That's why you can smell the battlefield perfectly. Also, this is... …

It was the reason Tamo was the leader.

the subordinate asked.

“If you are beautiful, who are you talking about?”

Tamo's eyes turned to the maze.

"well."

Then, after looking at Sirone again, he went back to his seat and started to arm himself.

“Everybody get out.”

"yes?"

“I’ll take over here, so go out and fight. It looks like the Merchant Union is coming.”

There was plenty of room for that, but there was only darkness outside the window the subordinate looked at.

“How do you know? You could have given up.”

Tamo tapped his temple.

"persimmon."

Miro stopped the incarnation.

"what?"

At some point, the fire stopped and members of the organization were escaping from the building.

“Are you planning to surround us?”

Contrary to expectations, they left the building site and left with the troops on the port side.

Miro suddenly realized.

“Oops! dad!"

Sensing the enemy's plot, she tried to turn around when gunfire erupted from the fourth floor.

Sirone defended, but Tan-Hon appeared farther away than that.

Miro gritted his teeth.

“Tamo.”

Sitting on the window ledge, Tamo lowered her head, machine guns in both hands.

“What are you so surprised about? Are you here to kill me?”

Miro shouted.

“You bastard! Just touch Dad and Aunt Gangnan! I will really kill you!”

"Geuk, that's such a sweet word."

Tamo sticking her butt out from the 4th floor railing fell more than 10 meters and landed on both feet.

Sirone and the others' expressions became blank.

"you… …

As is common sense, a normal human would have rolled on the ground or had a broken leg.

“So, do you feel like dealing with me properly now?”

A machine gun was heard.

“Let’s play hot.”

At the same time as pulling the trigger, the spirit of the labyrinth split the time infinitely.

'joy! Anyway, on the subject of shooting a gun!'

Afterimage's hand bounced off the bullet, and Tamo's arms and legs rolled on the ground.

"uh?"

Seeing her move without even feeling shocked, Sirone and the others realized.

“That person… …

it doesn't feel pain.

“Puhahaha! yes this is it! That's it!”

Even if the evasion was slightly delayed, his head would have been pierced, but that was the proof that he was alive.

“I will catch it.”

Sirone activated the mind technique while imagining grabbing Tamo's right arm.

"huh?"

Sensing that he was slowing down, Tamo turned around to see that his right shoulder was missing.

Let him, whose expression does not change even when he sees his arms stretched like rubber, move forward.

“Keugh!”

The mind's skill is broken.

Tamo, who was crouching on the ground after two wheels rolled, stood up with a serious expression.

As I grabbed my stretched shoulders and pushed them with all my might, I heard a terrifying sound.

“Hmm.”

As he turned his shoulders around, he held out his hand, and the machine gun on the floor flew by itself.

“Uh, how… … ?”

“Aha, it was something like this.”

The corners of Tamo's mouth went up wickedly.

“You can do this, right?”

As much as the members of the 1.5th floor compromised, his combat program was upgraded.

“Shall we play again?”

The machine gun fired fire, and before the gunfire could reach the Thousand Arms Guanyin, the bullets ricocheted off.

"ouch!"

Miro frowned at the level of power that was different from before and took a few steps back.

It was like being hit with a hammer.

"Dangerous!"

At the same time as Sirone collapsed while pushing through the maze, Tamo opened fire with a machine gun.

“Haha! Are you killing this?”

The bullet's trajectory was greatly bent, and it flew simultaneously from the front, back, left and right of Sirone.

'This??????

It was the same realm.

An engagement occurred one kilometer away from the headquarters of the Tamo organization.

“Shoot! Don't back down!”

It was a Merchant Union and 70 members.

Bright spots like sparks were moving back and forth at a distance of only 70 meters.

"damn! Those guys!”

A gun is like a weapon that does not discriminate against the user, but in reality, the difference in experience was great.

Gangnan shouted.

"What do we do? The driveway is too narrow! Should I take a detour and take another road'?”

Then Gaold threw himself.

'you can do it.'

The memory of the terrible pain was etched into his brain, but he did not hesitate.

'Something like pain... … !'

Gritting his teeth and awakening, Ultima's pupils appeared again in the night sky.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Let's scream and fire the air gun, the enemy's cover is destroyed terribly.

"crazy! What weapon is that?”

“Big uh… …

sick.

With only one second of awakening, Gaold crouched down and fell into a state of shock.

“Gaold!”

Sein, who caught Gangnan trying to jump out, gave instructions to the Merchant Union.

“Cover!”

Bullets rained down, and Sein, who threw himself to bring Gaold, gritted his teeth.

'Damn it! Why Gangnan and I

am......'

can't you wake up?

"I don't want to break the compromise." Louver said.

"It's not that I don't have courage. The problem is, if it was a compromise that was so easy to break, the 1.5th floor didn’t even exist this way from the beginning.”

“But Mr. Gaold… … Louver cut off Mong-ah.

“There are things that change over time, but there are things that are more consistent. Beliefs, obsessions, desires. Gaold is different from Oh Dae-sung or Miro. I do not understand this world, I just want to break it.”

for what you want.

“But it must be a great pain. No human would ever want to go through that kind of pain.”

“Of course it is. It would be impossible for Gaold to accept that pain again. But maybe I underestimated his desires.”

“Mr. Miro.”

“It cannot be defined. The self-amplified mind, the desire to carry it through. We cannot imagine how huge the labyrinth is in his mind.”

formidable.

“Truly formidable… … Isn’t that a human obsession?” “Gaold! Escape quickly!”

Sein, feeling that the cover team's firepower was weakening, pulled Gaold's collar.

“Big!”

Gaold's condition, in which the blood vessels throughout his body were squirming, was indescribable.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Gaold shook off Sein's hand and jumped out to where the enemy's guns were.

“That idiot!” In her hazy consciousness, she thought of autumn.

'What do you know?'

He did not recall the memory of the pain that was still vivid in his mind.

'Nothing happened.'

I don't feel sick.

'Of course it hurts again... …

The body that had already intuited the future screamed, but Autumn took another step.

into the realm of terrible suffering.

'I'll save you.'

Sein's voice calling him faded away and he saw dozens of gunshots.

Gaold smiled broadly.

“Wow, what a pain.”

air press.

The scenery vibrated briefly, and all of Tamojo's staff were crushed all the way to the ground.

Miro, who had placed the double head of the Thousand-Handed Kannon on Tamo's chest, frowned.

'It's very hard.'

It felt like hitting steel, and Tamo, who had been pushed back several meters, stood up with the machine gun on her finger.

"Good good. You mean you can do it here?”

“I got stronger… …

Tamo's tongue came down long.

“I don’t even feel it. Did you think you could kill me with something like this?”

“Kkoaaaaa!”

Falling to the ground, Gaold cried tears of blood with his limbs twisted.

“Gaold! Wake! Gaold!” Just by looking at her face, I could tell that Sein shouted but couldn't hear.

only pain

“Aww! Aaaaaa!”

Numerous eyes were watching Gauld.