Even if it's an illusion (2)

* * ?

Team Sein, who was tasked with assassinating Havitz, raced through the plains while the army of Hell was advancing.

'Time must be ambiguous.'

A ring of light lit up in Sein's eyes, and two gigantic halos were born across the sky.

'Cheolryunan, Sun and Moon Halo.'

The world began to stir as the two halos converged toward each other and merged into one.

Eden drew in his breath as the scenery in front of him rushed in as if space was pushing him away.

'This is the Iron Wheel.'

Where the sky was as dark as night, only a ring of light was spinning at terrifying speed.

'you can do it. This is to stop Havitz.'

The ability to control all physical and mental factors within the halo's floating radius.

Maybe Harvits won't die even if he's in the middle of a falling rock... … .

'What would happen if we controlled gravity?'

The future of immortality is to be broken.

Of course, what the world had to give up in order to strengthen certain factors was their own mind and body.

'That's why I'm on the team.'

Eden, a specialist in defensive magic, clearly prioritized what to protect.

'Protect the control tower.'

As Eden raised his fighting spirit, Armin approached Quan, who was running on the other side.

“Are you okay?”

“Prosecutors don’t count probabilities.”

“No, I mean Shiina.”

Kuan's eyebrows twitched.

Olifer Siena was still working as a teacher in Creas City.

Compared to Zion, it is a short distance.

But Kuan never looked for her.

“Why didn't you go see her? This battle could be the last.”

“It’s unpleasant.”

Quan tightened his eyes and looked back at Armin.

“I do my own thing. And you're not the only one who cares about her.”

It was all the more so because he knew that Armin was dating Keira, a resident of the Ivory Tower.

“If this operation fails… …

said Quan.

“Anyway, the kingdom of Tormia will perish. Conversely, if you kill Havitz, the war will end. That's all.”

Sain pointed forward.

"come."

Literally, the demon army that filled the horizon from end to end was rushing.

“What about Harvits?”

Mayray no longer had to cover her ears.

“I’m already listening. Put on ‘Nemesis’. Oh, one last check before that.”

Mayray looked back at the party and said.

“The wiretapping target is Harvitz. Don't think it sounds normal.”

The party, who immediately understood what it meant, put on <Nemesis> processed into rings with nervous expressions.

The sound of Havitz's heart that Mayray was listening to was heard by everyone like an auditory hallucination.

Eden's face turned pale.

“This, this… … One"

Eavesdropping on a person's heart is also an unfamiliar experience, but I was prepared to do so because I had seen many murky aspects of people in my life as a seeker.

'I can't do this.'

If the sound you are hearing is really born in the human mind... … .

'It's hell.'

This world was a living room of pain where there was nothing wrong with cutting one's own throat right now.

All of them had the same emotion on their faces, and even the cold Quan was squinting one eye.

"no."

Eden, realizing what Harvits desires, shouted to everyone.

“I have to go back!”

It is necessary to block the thoughts of Havitz, not Havitz.

"It's already too late."

When Quan insisted on speeding up, Sein made a quick decision.

“Force We can't solve all problems. You just have to do what you are good at.”

I had no choice but to believe in the Tormia army and the temple that remained in the flower field.

The moment he felt the vibration of the ground caused by the enemy, Sein gave an order.

"now."

As light radiated from Armin's blindfolded eyes, the stop magic was activated.

Time stopped in an area 4 kilometers in diameter, but the entire army could not be imprisoned.

As the demons that collided with the boundary line of the Spirit Zone froze, the troops following them applied the brakes.

"what!"

The massive inertia only disappeared after putting an additional million troops into the Spirit Zone.

said Armin.

“I couldn’t contain everything. It needs to be finished ASAP.”

Sein ran between the hard frozen demons.

'Currently we have no mass. I can't use physical force.'

Informationally speaking, it moves at the same speed as the signal entering this world.

"found."

Havitz, escorted by demons, was sitting on a frozen horse with his hind legs kicked off.

Lyria took several birch totems from the barrel on her back and jumped up.

'I have to leave Harvits.'

At that moment, Sein saw it clearly.

'What is that?'

Something was moving in one of Havitz's lifeless eyes, like a wax figure.

"fly?"

The moment I realized it, 12 black holes were created on the ground, and people wearing robes came up.

'Shiok.'

It's the first time I've seen it with my own eyes, but if I were to bet I could bet anything.

'As expected, it comes out like this.' It is a fact proven through the Sirone case that the stop is activated independently of Harbitz.

This is where the testing of the first hypothesis, which has not yet been tested, begins.

'City prison is a time not according to the law. Thus making Harvitz independent of all events, but… …

Why is Shiok visible now?

'Because time has stopped.'

If a physical attack on Siok is possible, the success rate of assassinating Harvits increases dramatically.

“Quan.”

At the time Sein gave the order, Harbitz, who was in the center of Shiok, moved his lips.

"stop."

As Shiok was sucked into the basement in an instant, the stop magic dominated the space again.

"why?"

Before Sein could comprehend the situation, Lyria threw the totems to the floor.

At the same time, the stop was released, and the 20 totems drew a huge circle around Havitz.

"That's Okay!"

The moment Lyria held hands, the totem vibrated and burrowed into the ground.

r=z|

At the same time as the ground shook, the surface of the gin became smooth like a mirror and reflected the landscape.

However, the landscape was not the Denan Plain, but a vast wasteland with reddish-brown stones.

'Law of space. magic glass!'

As Sein's party surrounded Havitz, the corps of the law began to tip over as if it had an axis attached to it.

“Enemies! Kill!”

The demons realized it belatedly and rushed at it, but the camp was already erected vertically.

Even so, gravity was still working under their feet, and in the eyes of Sein and the others, it seemed that the world was completely reversed.

"Satan! You are Satan... …

As the gin of the law and the gist of the law were turned over 180 degrees, demons crossed and passed through the empty space.

"damn! What the hell is going on!”

In a situation where time stopped, no demons knew what had happened.

“Soldier! Soldier!”

The current general commander is Paimon, but the human messenger reported the situation to Vulcan.

“This is a serious situation! Harvits has left the ranks! You seem to have fallen into a trap.”

Vulcan, who heard the situation, stroked his chin.

“Hmm.”

"What should I do? Shall we pursue?”

“No, leave me alone.”

"yes?"

“Havitz is driven by desire. I don't do calculations in my head. It's something that can't be stopped anyway. and… …

Balkan raised one corner of his mouth and said.

"Maybe that's right." All that Harvitz could see was a wasteland with only the horizon touching the sky.

It was a place where even if they left this place alive, they would die of dehydration and starvation.

“What are you guys?”

No one answered from Sein and his party, who were besieging Harvitz.

That's how Harvitz's choice was shocking.

'I know it's chaos.'

But what the hell is the reason for coming here even while preventing the prison from being activated?

"why?"

In the end, Sein, who could not stand it, asked.

“Why did you get the prison? Why?”

"just."

Havitz twisted his mustache.

“This seemed more fun.”

It was an answer that I had already expected, but that's why I definitely realized something.

'As long as Mayray exists, information is completely controlled. So there's no way he knew about the elemental bomb.'

determined future.

'What if leaving the space with us is the only chance to save Havitz?'

If you choose the law that allows you to get away from Baska as much as possible... … .

'Is our judgment right or wrong?'

I was able to realize anew the breadth of Havitz's innate ability and a predetermined future.

“Mayray.”

Kuan said quietly.

“Eavesdrop.”

At some point, the voice of Havitz's heart was not being heard by everyone.

When Eden turned his head, he saw Mayray, whose face had turned pale like a ghost.

Her face was still expressionless, but the color of her skin seemed to tell her how she was feeling.

“Mayray, hear me.” When Havitz casts Vanishing, he must react immediately.

"It's not possible."

Mayray said coldly.

There is no way she would make an arbitrary decision in front of Havitz, the target of assassination.

Therefore, there is one reason why he blocked the eavesdropping even while ignoring Sein's command.

It was because of the thought that it would result in an almost absolute mission failure.

Sein said.

“Mayray, if you don’t, we will be annihilated.”

“If you want to see your comrades die without knowing why, do as you please.”

It was half accepted, but Mei-Lei's nose was crumpled.

“I don’t know what you are talking about.”

Harvits drew his longsword and approached.

“Where, who should I kill first?” The moment she sensed her eerie life, May Lei screamed as she closed her eyes tightly.

“I will open it!”

As if a hole had been blocked, the sound of Havitz's heart could be heard in Sein's ears.

waves of evil.

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah

Lyria screamed first, and Armin and Sein shook their shoulders as if shocked.

'shit! You shouldn't have told me!'

Mayray clearly warned.

It was only that Havitz's heart was beyond the scope of their imagination and was terrible.

"what's the matter?"

The first prey Havitz aimed at was Eden.

“It’s like, the reaction is that you know something.”

"Ah ah ah ah ah… …

Eden's legs trembled as Harvits drew closer.

'calm down. I'm Yora now It's different from when I was a follower of the Jordanian religion.'

Eden's faith in goodness has the highest reputation even in Zion.

Even if a bombardment fell right in front of his eyes, he was a defender who would not blink an eye with his faith in God.

“Huh.”

But now he was just a man who was terrified and kicked his ass awkwardly.

"what's the matter?"

Harvits says.

“Am I scared?”

that you are like me

True fear is not something that comes from outside, but something that rises from within.

The murderer's slaughter and dismemberment does not create fear.

Unless you do that to me.

'no. I am a messenger of God.'

Tears flowed from fear.

I thought I had driven out all the evil in my mind, but did I still have a clouded mind?

'I can't win. never… … The fear evoked by Havitz reached the essence of man and the origin of living things.

'polar.'

Only Miro, who is a flawless crystal, will be able to respond to Satan's voice.