[43] Limitless (2)

Sirone headed to the integrated class training ground early in the morning. Since he is preparing for the exam from today, the class was conducted in a more tense atmosphere than usual.

Test subjects are different for each class. Class 5, to which Sirone belonged, was a targeting test called Speed ​​Gun.

"eww! From today, only speed guns will die. It's the subject I'm most unsure of. I want kids who are specialized in the target type. It is much more advantageous.”

“Not really. Because the target type has an advantage when dealing with a small number of elites. There are a lot of targets for practice evaluation. Wouldn’t it be better to switch to an offensive type and explode as soon as it takes?”

“Then you’ll get tired first? Either way, it's either an attacker or a target. No one will ever use the breakaway type. How are you going to keep up with all that?”

“Come to think of it, how about Iruki? Isn’t he using the breakaway type again this time?”

"haha! Surely, unless you're an idiot? I'm also curious about sirone. You are strong in practice. However, since it specializes in defensive types, we'll have to wait and see what choices it makes.”

The names of Iruki and Shirone could be heard intermittently in the students' conversations. There are children with better grades than them, but the expectation that they will show something at the decisive moment was overwhelming for the two.

But Sirone wanted to cry. Far from being strong in actual combat, he hadn't even succeeded in outputting photons yet. If you can't activate active magic, the practice test will of course be zeroed out.

'eww! What do we do? I'm really worried.'

While Sirone was in trouble, she heard a dog barking from outside the training ground. The girls paid attention first, then the boys ran.

"what? How did you get in?”

“Look at the dog who lives in the mountains. But why are you barking like that?”

As the children flocked, the dog's vigilance grew stronger. He was growling, showing his teeth.

It is generally thought that a dog's tendency is to wag its tail when it sees people. However, if he showed his violent nature, even if he was a dog, he could not help but feel bad.

"hey! Get out of here! Unlucky!”

The children of Class 7 threw stones at me. The children of the upper classes were also watching, but no one stopped them. I thought that since I hated people, I was no different from a wild beast.

But Sirone was different. After listening to the dog barking for a while, he realized something and ran.

"Wait a minute! Do not throw stones.”

Until recently, they were classmates in Class 7, but now they are definitely seniors, so the children stopped their movements with nervous expressions. Mark, the leader of Class 7, cleaned up the surroundings.

“Hey, hey! stop it! Sirone-senpai told me to stop!"

Sirone moved closer to take a closer look. Then Mark came in, startled.

“Senior, it is dangerous. This is a wild dog.”

“No matter how wild they are, dogs don't bite people. Rather run away.”

“But you bark like that?”

“Perhaps I think… … .”

Sirone approached without fear. The dog growled with a terrifying bass sound, but couldn't bear to attack.

Sirone looked the dog in the eyes and pushed on to the forest. As expected, a puppy that was still immature was lying on the grass and whimpering.

“You hurt your leg. poor."

"uh? Really. Guys, here's a puppy, puppy.”

“Don’t call me yet. Even a dog doesn’t know how to change when its young are in danger.”

"Oh, I see. hey! Don't come, don't come!”

“Can you find someone who can use recovery magic instead? It would be nice if Seriel-senpai came, but just find her in class 5 or lower.”

“Nothing like that, Maria knows how to do it.”

Maria, who went to school from a young age, had various types of magic that she could use. In addition, since meeting Sade made her feel more relaxed, she got along well with her classmates, so when Mark called her, she ran right away.

“Oh my God! How did you get hurt like this?"

“It must have been bitten because it got caught up in a territorial fight. can you fix it?”

“Yes, senior. It is as simple as this.”

When Maria cast a healing spell, the dog's wound healed. The puppy, who had regained her health, ran wittyly through her grass as if she never did. Her mother then stopped barking and took her calf into the mountains.

Saving lives has always been a heartfelt thing. The children who had been stoned were also looking at the forest for a long time with their hearts moved.

“Awesome, senior. How did you know you had a baby?”

"huh? haha! I used to live in the mountains for a long time.”

Sirone recalled an anecdote he experienced while hunting with his father at the age of 11.

I was lucky that day, and a red bear that even clawed money was caught on a rope and was struggling. With the strength of a red bear, he could break his line, so Vincent hurriedly aimed his arrow at him.

Sirone waited anxiously. If you catch a red bear, you won't have to worry about eating for a while.

But the arrow showed no sign of flying. I turned my head at a strange thought, but Vincent retracted his bow and prepared to leave.

“I heard that even if I was too lucky, I couldn’t do it. Let's go back, Sirone.”

"uh? why don't you catch She would love to be a mother.”

Vincent squatted down and pointed to where the bear was being held.

“Look over there, Sirone.”

Sirone looked carefully. I saw a bear cub whimpering next to its captive mother.

“Even the hunter doesn't catch it when there are young. Even though they are animals, love for their children is the same for humans and animals.”

“But then you’re playing nonsense. There's some great game over there.”

Vincent stroked Sirone with warm eyes.

“Just as that bear has cubs, I have you too. As a parent, how can you pretend not to know? Fighting for life is the same as man or beast. But you can't do that in front of your children. It is an unwritten rule that applies to all living beings.”

Sirone felt Vincent's infidelity that day. Maybe he didn't save the bear, he might have saved your child. Forever and ever, his father will protect him. Such confidence warmed Sirone's heart.

The students were impressed by the anecdote Sirone told. I didn't know that it was Sirone's father, but the size of the emotion was not conveyed differently.

"I see. Sirone is really cool.”

"that's right. Sirone is so kind.”

Classmates began to see Sirone differently. It was an unexpected charm that he had such a warm heart, who was thought to be naive and only knew magic.

“What a stupid theory. That is why hunters do not leave animals alive.”

The children glared at the words that poured cold water on the warm atmosphere. Iruki was looking at Shirone with his hands behind his back.

“The reason not to kill an animal with cubs is so that later, when the cubs grow up, they do not become aggressive toward humans. In biology, this is called the imprinting effect. Once they recognize humans as their nemesis, their offspring also inherit their nature. That would make hunting difficult. But if we kill the offspring, the seed of the beast will dry up. Is it the wisdom of hunters who can only hunt in their own area?”

Sirone cried. Of course, Iruki said this without knowing, but his remark was an insult to his father's infidelity.

“How can you say that? Of course there are hunters like that. But most hunters really release the beast out of pity.”

"mind. emotion. This is up to the packaging. I'm talking about reality. I don't dazzle people with foolish idealism like you.”

"what! Did you say anything?”

Shirone jumped up and glared at Iruki. It was the second round of an argument that took place at the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Association.

The students were dumbfounded. Shirone is not the type to fight anyone, and Iruki doesn't get along with anyone. When the two collided, the tension soared several times.

"what? what happened to the two of them? It seems like we've been fighting for a long time, doesn't it?"

“It’s a check. After all, those two are definitely among the candidates for the next promotion.”

Sirone strained her eyes and glared. On the other hand, Iruki looked around and did something else, as if he had no intention of fighting.

“Hey, hey! Why are you guys like this again? It was quiet for a while. Since the teacher is coming, let’s go back.”

Thanks to Nade tearing the two apart, it didn't turn into a big fight, but Sirone couldn't help but feel displeased.

I couldn't understand Iruki's way of thinking. I didn't like everything, from researching the city-blowing equation to trivializing animal life.

'Ah, I shouldn't deal with them from now on.'

Class started and Ethella climbed the mountain. The students opened their mouths in a daze at her unusual appearance.

Is it because of the practical evaluation period? She was wearing a novice dress with short sleeves and exposed thighs for ease of movement.

Most shocking of all was that he was not wearing glasses.

The male students were speechless at the sight of a beautiful woman standing in front of them. Can the impression change so much with just one pair of glasses? 

“Did you know that there is a special education starting today? Due to the circumstances of the training ground, Class Five's speed gun test will be conducted first. Please note that the time zone is divided by class from tomorrow. Then, today's class will proceed after watching the TA's demonstration. Sanuel, this way.”

A tall, handsome blond man stepped out in front of the students. She was in her early twenties and had her hair down to her waist, which was unusual for a man.

“The teaching assistant standing here is Sanuel, who is preparing for graduation in his senior year. My major is horse spirit magic, and today I came to demonstrate magic. It is also related to the strengthening education of the Spirit Zone, so please pay attention.”

Aaaaaaaaa!

The female students enthusiastically welcomed Sanuel. I couldn't hide my excitement when a handsome man appeared after watching men's eyes in every integrated class.

"Nice to meet you. It seems like it was just yesterday that I took a class in the advanced class, but time has already passed like this. It's a clumsy skill, but I'll do my best in the hope that it will help in education.”

Sirone looked at Sanuel with interest.

It was an opportunity to see what kind of skills the rival of the senior class, who was competing with Amy, was. In particular, I was curious about the unfamiliar major called linguistic magic.

Sanuel entered the Image Zone and opened the Spirit Zone. That alone made the students burst into exclamation. A 42-meter diameter sphere similar in size to Sirone was surrounding him.

“Language magic is to strengthen magical power with the power of language. Then, let's try to cast Tornado without using the Spirit. tornado."

When Sanuel raised his hands, a powerful whirlwind blew. Even in the advanced class, there are students who can use tornado. However, he cast it effortlessly as if he were dealing with basic magic.

“Remember the power of a moment ago. This time, let's strengthen the tornado with spirit magic. It's literally using the power of language. By savoring the will contained in the language, the magician's mental power is strengthened.”

Sanuel cleared his throat and began to recite a poem consisting of eight phrases.

“Earth of enthusiasm, I borrow your power, so touch your hand. Looking down at the sky, the history of Manse is contained in a moment. If the power of the void dwells in your hands... … .”

Before one phrase was finished, the children's expressions turned sour. As he recited strange poems whose meanings were ambiguous, boredom set in. A yawn was heard somewhere, but Sanuel was not offended and finished the poem. Then he raised both hands and cast the spell.

"tornado."

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

A huge whirlwind soared into the sky with a tremendous explosion, and the children froze in the face of the wind that took their breath away. The wind was strong enough to shake Sanuel's figure like a haze.

said Samuel with a smile.

“This is the power of the spirit. The wizard's will is contained in the language. It is to strengthen the magic by savoring the will. speak and reflect This is the basic system of spirit magic. Then, let’s start in earnest from now on.”

---------------------------------------