chain action(4)

Geese studied Fleur's face.

'Hmm.'

According to information from Dante's department, Geese's tastes are quite hardcore.

- She's just plain beautiful, and she probably won't be interested in things like that. Sexual pleasure is intertwined with lust for dominance. If you were a princess of a country, even an ugly woman would welcome you.

Albino added.

-Of course, that doesn't mean you're ugly, only you.

Geese nodded.

'Are you okay?'

I liked Fleur's attitude of not showing displeasure while feeling his gaze.

'He's the chief secretary of the Magic Association... …

Of course, his experience was not trivial, so he never showed his emotions from the beginning.

“Come to think of it, there is no interaction with the Magic Association of Tormia yet. Are you doing well?”

“I am doing my best.”

“Well, it is difficult. This politics is not about flying and running alone.”

"yes. Of course it is.”

It sounds like an ordinary conversation, but the officials who analyze the words at the nanoscale were able to see through.

'Tormia can't even make a sound.'

The reaffirmation of that power caused something to rise from the depths of Geith's body.

'Ah, it suddenly pulls.'

Geese said, placing a hand on Flew's shoulder.

“Anyway, isn’t this a place where everyone gathered for world peace? We have a little time left, so let’s have some tea.”

"It is an honour."

Flew's eyes went cold as he followed Gis.

'It's not today anyway.'

He was not careless enough to do things in front of all the officials of other countries.

Fermi, who was walking from the other side, glanced at Geese and Fleur out of the corner of his eye.

'I'm already at work. Is it faster than expected?'

From the time the rumor spread in the daily newspaper, I thought that anyone who entered would enter.

‘But it’s Tormia. Sirone, there's no way that pure-bred had asked to do it

At that time, Si Lorne, who came out of the conference room belatedly, looked at the flue and made a serious expression.

From that look, Fermi realized.

'Isn't that what we discussed?'

this is a bit strong

'Lupist. It's definitely a strong enemy.'

While the other country was bouncing the abacus, it had been bitten with an animal sense.

After making brief eye contact with Sirone, Fermi passed by with a nonchalant expression.

'cheer up. It's going to hurt your head for a while.'

This would be a good business tool

However, the pyramid was more important to Fermi.

'It's probably because Uorin ran out.

The law and the system must have changed.' Fermi looked out the window.

"not bad."

Apocalypse.

Five managers of High Gear gathered in a place where Mucus was covering the entire world.

“Finally finished.”

A white orb resembling a snow crystal slowly rotated over the operator's palm.

“Ice blood.”

It was a special code that could harden Mucus when injected into Digital Ra's core.

After a while, a voice was heard from behind.

“Are you here already?”

They were Syrone who received the message and entered Apocalypse, and the officers of the parrot mercenary group.

Marsha pointed.

“Is it a virus or something?”

"yes. It's very powerful. Once planted in the core, we won't be able to control it either.”

“It doesn't matter. It's an abandoned world anyway.”

Sirone looked at the landscape.

“It seems to have increased. The height of Yucus is different. The excavator is also gone.”

"uh? Is that so?”

Marsha confirmed that the ground of Yucus was covering more of the sky than before.

Sirone guessed the reason.

'It's because of the pyramid.'

Since the law was distorted to such an extent that the status of the angels fell, Apocalypse also changed.

'More Yucus. What does this mean?'

Vice-captain Freeman said.

“Let’s go down first. I haven't been able to mine for days. You seem to be in a hurry too.”

The Parrot Mercenary Corps knew about the pyramids built all over the world.

“Yes, it is.”

As soon as he took his first step, Yucus felt the vibration and flew ferociously.

"Ahh! what!"

To the surprise of High Gear's managers, Marcia cut off a tentacle with a dagger.

The fallen tentacle wriggled for a while, then turned back into slime and was absorbed into the ground.

“Aww, that sucks. But why are you so violent? It wasn't like this before.”

'The nature of Mucus has changed.'

In other words, the algorithm of digital la buried underground has changed.

'Repelling creatures with a stronger power is a hint about the future.'

Sirone activated Miracle Stream.

"I will do it."

As the smoke of light spread, the surface of Yucus began to be pushed away like waves.

“I put the curtain on and pressed it with pressure. You won't be able to pierce it with any force."

Of course, the story would be different if the mass that covered the entire world was concentrated in one place.

'At that time, it was an all-out war.'

Contrary to concerns, Yucus did not shake much and the party arrived safely at their destination.

“There's a digital ra down here. To be precise, I have to ride a strange device for a long time, but.”

Even if Syrone did not remember, Fermi knew the geography of the Apocalypse.

"then??????

Sirone, who gathered the smoke of light again, cast Hand of God above her head.

"be careful."

The officers of the Parrot Mercenary Corps escorted the manager.

'The mucus keeps playing. Digging in as quickly as possible is the best way.'

The Hand of God raised his index finger and slammed it down vertically toward Youkus.

Jukkus, who felt the tremendous vibration, erected a giant tentacle column from several tens of meters away.

Lollipop Mark shouted.

“Aww! come!"

At the same time, the Hand of God, which was embedded in the ground, rotated like a drill and slammed downward.

“Jump down!”

Avoiding the tentacles flying from all sides, the mining team quickly threw themselves into the pit.

The narrowing hole was completely closed, and the tentacles stuck to the surface exploded like a mass of water.

“Ah. ｝Ah!”

In the depths of the endless fall, a middle-aged hairy boy with a smile mark screamed like a girl.

'It's incredibly deep.'

The Hand of God penetrates faster than the acceleration of gravity, but that's why it was even more of a problem.

'The pressure is too strong.'

Looking up, the gut-like tunnel Sirone had pierced was quickly closing.

' yes'?'

At that moment, the enormous resistance that had surged against the Hand of God disappeared like a lie.

“Sirone!”

Marsha shouts.

“Keugh!”

Sirone, who returned the Hand of God to the Miracle Stream, defeated everyone.

"ha! ha."

While floating in the sky, the operator looked at the city 200 meters below.

"this… … What happened?"

There was a space roughly the size of a city inside what was supposed to be filled with mucus.

Marsha flew to Sirone.

"thank you. It wasn’t the speed that I could sustain with the fly magic.”

"yes. But where is it?”

It was confined to a huge dome, and along the outskirts of the city there was a curtain of Juchus.

“Maybe something like this?” Marsha raised her index finger.

“The apocalyptic world responds to changes in reality. If an event in the future caused the expansion of Mucus to proceed at a faster than normal rate... …

“It creates a zone where the air gets trapped.”

"okay. Yucus predicts that a cell buster will happen in reality. But the reason why the ground has risen is not because the amount has increased, but because it has swelled. Maybe there are places like this all over the world of Apocalypse? Like the stuffing of cheese.”

Sirone agreed.

“Let’s go down and take a look.” The mining team, who cast magic and came down to the ground, looked around the city first.

“A lot has changed too. There are also buildings that I have not seen before. This makes things complicated.”

There were remnants of Yucus on the floor, but it wasn't difficult to find.

The administrators who entered Apocalypse for the first time were depressed by the tranquil scenery.

“Are people not living?”

Marsha was thinking about it too.

“It was not at all. Children of the sun, dynamic human. but

There was nothing now.

“Most of them must have been swept away by the flood of Yucus. No wonder. At this level... …

uhhhhh uhhhhh

The group's footsteps stopped at the sound of moans coming from somewhere.

"what?"

Sirone quickly looked around and ran towards the source of the sound.

It was a square steel structure.

'I've seen it.'

Memories of Labyrinth Andre came to mind.

'World No. 19000.'

A place where humanity has met its spiritual end among the many possible worlds.

“I’ll just go.”

"What are you talking about? People are locked up.”

Marsha jumped onto the warehouse, grabbed the handle of the iron door, and pulled.

“Okay.”

When it did not open, Freeman came up.

“Look out. I will break it.”

Equipped with magic bullets, he aimed his gun at the mechanical panel next to the door.

"for a moment!"

Lollipop Mark raised his hand to dry.

“Leave it to me.” Holding Freeman's hand, the boy went up to the warehouse and carefully inspected the shape of the panel.

"Wow, that's awesome."

the operator asked.

“Can you open it?”

“Ten seconds.”

When I brought a card made by Under Coder and put it on, the panel became transparent and the code was visible.

“Hmm. The technology is excellent, but the pattern is simple. Could it have been just a matter of locking it?”

With a click, the device is unlocked.

“It’s convenient. How did you do it?”

“Hehe, didn’t you call me because you’re an expert in this field? Anyway, you can open it now.”

Marsha grabbed the handle.

"where… …

The door opened, and as Sirone expected, a scream of shock erupted.

“Aww! what's this!"

From children to the elderly, from men to women, they were all tangled up naked.

“The Human Reservoir.”

Everyone turned to Sirone.

“The worst situation that mankind will ever face is happening here right now.”

"worst case?"

Marsha looked down into the warehouse.

The sight of people living by licking each other's liquids was by no means a human life.

"therefore… … This is Apocalypse, right? It is constructed based on information from reality.”

"yes. In other words, if there is no change in reality, we will be like this in the distant future.”

"why'?"

Marsha's eyes twitched.

“Why is this happening? Why are we going?”

“I don't know yet. To find out the cause, you have to go deeper. And to mine, you have to plant a virus first.”

Sirone turned around.

“Stop going. Even while doing this, the real world is moving towards this moment.”

While Marsha made a dazed expression, Freeman gently closed the iron door.

“Let’s go, Marsha.”

With the atmosphere subdued, the mining team moved on with a reverent heart.

However, the consolation point was that the route to Digital La remained.

“Here.”

Sirone saw the tombstone erected next to the building.

'Fairy Biomimetics Lab.' I don't remember it because the information came in a state of loss, but there was a fact that I knew because of that.

"for a moment. Fairy?”

A long time ago, a fairy was split in two by a guffin.

"What's wrong, Sirone?"

Marsha asked, but Sirone could not answer.

'An elf who was combined with a Norse by the power of Agape. A fairy that controls humans in heaven.'

And now, the fairy who commanded heaven was staying on the planet of Sirone.

“I wasn’t an elf.”

While Marsha blinked, Sirone's face twisted horribly.

“It was the fairies that ruled the human world.”