[477] Her name is Gangnan (1)

Raising his head to the sky, Gaold accepted the situation without a shadow of a doubt.

In the 20 years of working on the project, did you ever really think that this was possible?

However, since there has never been a single day in those 20 years that I have not thought of today's situation, rather than doubts and anxiety, the thought that something that must happen has happened is all I could think of.

'I have to run away.'

That justification quickly changed Gaold's thinking.

From now on, there is no need to look back.

The only task left to him was to get out of this place.

“Great!”

Gaold's concentration completely penetrated the end of his mind and reached the realm of death, and the ruthless air press pressed down on Uriel.

Power enough to stop even the Archangel of Destruction from moving for an instant.

It was just that, but it was enough for Gaold now.

“Run unconditionally!”

Sane landed on Gaold's back, followed immediately by another party.

Gaold turned around for the last time and caught Kariel frozen and still in the rotating gaze.

Unless the stop magic is dispelled, even an archangel cannot transcend time.

However, the group of numerous fallen angels who ran madly beyond Kariel would be different.

“Exit at full speed!”

As soon as Gaold finished speaking, the wizards cast teleportation and jumped out.

Since they were the best wizards in their respective lines, the flash left the plain in an instant and finally entered the drawbridge.

Sein cut off Miro's leash.

Arius on a leash was cumbersome, but if he started to speed up from now on, he could get strangled and put himself in a dangerous situation.

Arius rolled on the floor and hurriedly regained his balance and went straight ahead.

Even though he lost an eye, he was once one of the 7 Madou Girls in the Black Line, so it was not a problem to run away on his own.

“Make it work!”

At Sae-in's instruction, Kang-Nan spurred through the door of the engine room.

When she discovers a large actuator that seems impossible to pull unless she is a giant, she kicks it. Zeng! Her iron handle slammed away with her bells ringing.

It wouldn't have much effect on the flying fallen angels, but it would have been able to block the approach of the ground-walking Maras for a while.

There was also the advantage of being able to block enemies' ranged attacks once the drawbridge was built.

When they came out, Gaold's party had already entered the drawbridge.

Koo Goo Goo Goo!

As the center of the drawbridge split into two, it slowly began to soar toward the sky.

It was impossible with human technology to build a whole drawbridge with a width of 1 km and a length of 4 km.

"maze! Recapture the maze!”

The fallen angels only aimed at the labyrinth and rushed at it.

They know that just grabbing her will tie everyone's feet.

Forgetting even the lofty memories of their original angelic status, the fallen angels rushed over the drawbridge as a single spear.

The bridge was filled with enemies in an instant, and another battle took place on the gradually leaning bridge.

Even if it was a fallen angel, the power of an attack with all its heart was terrifying.

Gaold and the others felt keenly how important Armin's stop magic was in this project.

'But the stop is no longer available. We have no choice but to do it ourselves.'

Stopping time does not mean canceling an event.

Currently, the stop force field is hanging on Kariel, and if the force field is released, then Miro's head will explode without even using his hands.

Meanwhile, instead of chasing Gaold, Uriel flew to the castle wall and looked after Kariel, who was trapped in a stop.

“Kariel… … .”

The maze problem was secondary to Uriel.

It was Kariel who planned all of this anyway, and Uriel was only helping him as a bystander to some extent.

However, seeing Kariel experienced a considerable psychological shock.

There was no radiance to be found in the archangel, where time stood still.

'A mere human could incapacitate an archangel.'

The goon of paradise rotated with the sound of the wind, but I did not dare to destroy it.

He is trapped in the force field anyway, and he himself is also frozen.

'I can't go back right now.'

In order to accelerate to the speed of light and reverse the stopped time, you need the help of the Archangel of Light, Rayel.

"but… … .”

Uriel turned his head to Gaold and the others who were moving far away.

“I have to get back what was stolen.”

As soon as Uriel's body turned into light, he flew in a parabolic arc to the center of the bridge, several kilometers away.

Woo woo woo woo!

When Yuriel landed, vibrations were transmitted to the soles of everyone's feet as if they were standing on top of a wave.

The place where they are currently standing is one kilometer away from the access road of the drawbridge.

Unless Gaold and his party are easy-going people, if they deviate from the one-way street, it will be difficult to pursue them.

“It destroys your will.”

At the same time as Uriel rotated the wheel of paradise, Gaold applied the air press.

Again, the atmosphere burned and a terrifying explosion soared over the bridge.

“Aww!”

Gaold's party was knocked over in all directions by the shock wave.

It was a result that could tell that Gaold had been pushed back in power even without seeing it with his own eyes.

Gaold, who lost all strength in his body, staggered with only his eyes fixed on Uriel.

Must keep.

Even if I had to die here, I couldn't let Yuriel pass by.

With each step, the feeling of intimidation doubled or quadrupled.

Around the time the heart-stopping energy weighed on his body, Yuriel stopped walking.

“It’s like you, Kariel.”

'Kariel?'

The moment Gaold heard the name, he suddenly felt fear.

The moment I hurriedly turned around with a surprised expression, I heard Sein's voice.

“It’s a maze!”

I saw Miro, who had escaped from Sein's arms, flying high into the sky.

Flames embodied in the seals of fire blazed on her arms and legs.

Sealing-Prison of Woe.

Urotas, a fire giant magician, shouted with both hands outstretched at the drawbridge on the other side, which soared to an angle of 30 degrees.

“Uh ha ha ha ha! You did it! The small man did it, Mr. Kariel! Please remember the name of Urotas!"

He dropped the river on top of the castle wall and, following Kariel's order, hid himself.

It was one of Kariel's conversions, set up to recapture the labyrinth in case something goes wrong.

"no!"

Even the best party members could not handle the feeling of dejection they felt the moment they looked at the labyrinth, which was rapidly moving away from the seal technique.

Gaold took a step and fell to his knees.

My head was full of thoughts, but they were jumbled together, so it was all black.

A possibility discovered in the darkness.

“It’s a mutt!”

Gaold shouted, and Kang Nan immediately turned around.

“Ask me!”

After kicking off the ground, Kang Nan moved her legs quickly as she glared at the maze crossing the sky.

While the fallen angels returned to the maze, some of them attacked Gangnan.

thump thump! thump thump!

Kang Nan listened to the sound of his heart reaching his ears and calculated their movements.

Not even a single stop is acceptable.

Gangnan shook his upper body in front of the scenery of enemies rushing at him like leaves swept away by a storm.

As if she had entered a rotating blade, she evaded the dangerous attack by a narrow margin and ran through the camp of the fallen angels.

“Huh!”

The angle of the drawbridge was now soaring to 45 degrees.

Normal human beings would not be able to run as well as reduce their speed, but the speed of the force did not decrease at all.

'More, faster!'

bang! bang! bang! bang! bang!

As he spurred the ground with strong leg force, the stone shattered and fragments flew backwards.

Miro had already flown to the other side, and all she could see was the sky.

"talent… … !”

Kang Nan gritted his teeth and gave more strength to his legs.

Even though it was going uphill, the acceleration increased, and finally, with all my might, I spurred on the broken bridge of the drawbridge, which tilted almost to the level of a cliff, and flew up.

“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”

Aaaaaaaang!

As if the tip of her leg had been caught in an explosion, the body of Gangnan was flying as it shattered.

One kilometer down, a blue river glistening in the sun passed by, and I ran with my legs swinging through the empty air with nothing getting in my way.

You can see the maze disappearing beyond the drawbridge on the other side.

And beyond that, the giant Urotas was shooting a fiery gaze at him.

As the seal of fire was engraved on his heart, the blood that circulated rapidly throughout his body suddenly stepped on the brakes, and the shock was intense.

In the whitewashed spirit, the consciousness of Gangnan flowed into a time of one purpose and mission that has never been forgotten.

- Gangnan?

A man asked the last descendant of the wolf tribe who was wandering in the gutter with a broken fang.

-The spirit of the wolf.

And he raised his lips slightly and said:

-That's a great name. Gangran.

“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”

Kang Nan vomited out a groan and moved his limbs.

With a bang, the seal's flame exploded, and my heart started beating again.

The hateful face of Urotas, staring at her in astonishment, was gradually approaching.

Gangnan is not the strongest warrior in Ram Muay. But she was the best fighter.

'I am the last descendant of the wolf clan!'

The voice of the patriarch who had passed on the secret lingered in my ears.

-Don't rely on fangs. Have a jaw that can be crushed like anything.

Cadde deuk!

Kang Nan's belly, which stretched out like a bow, began to harden like a stone.

And finally, her body, shot like an arrow, passed through the maze and approached Urotas.

Ram Muay Striker - Arang's.

“Huh!”

Kang Nan, who tightened his abdominal muscles with all his strength, pulled his elbows and knees as if crouching.

When the attack landed on the top of Urotas' head and chin, Kwajik! With a sound, the rock-hard giant's face shattered.

It was the jaw of a wolf that had bitten off a giant.

thud!

Kang Nan, who landed almost at the same time as Urotas fell, frowned in pain.

All the muscles in my stomach were torn, so I couldn't even stand up.

She twisted her body, biting her molars. Then she grabbed the flying maze and activated her extra gravity.

“Huhhhh!”

The angle of the drawbridge was close to 70 degrees, and if it tilted just a little more, everything would be over.

For the first time, Kangnan and Miro, who were spinning almost vertically clinging to the bridge, were able to make full eye contact.

Miro doesn't know who Gangnan is.

But for a brief moment, the emotion in her eyes said it all.

'Okay, this kid... … .'

Miro shook his head even while being caught up in the centrifugal force.

don't throw yourself away What to really throw... … .

When he gave the signal that the maze was no longer possible, Gangnan put on a dry smile on his lips in a fleeting moment.

But soon, like a warrior of the wolf tribe, he twisted his nose and exploded in spirit.

“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”

Throw the maze into the air with all your might! With the sound of the wind, he began jumping over her legs, tracing the trajectory of her body in reverse.

'The ugly duckling... … .'

Finally, Gangnan's feet fell off the bottom of the drawbridge and began to fall as far down as the length of the bridge.

'If you call me mutt one more time... … .'

Kang Nan, whose body was turned upside down, could no longer catch the consciousness of moving away and slowly closed his eyes.

The last things she remembered were the faces of countless fallen angels pouring down from the sky.

---------------------------------------