[294] 6. The Great Secret (3)

said Rayna.

“A guide to action. Would that be possible?”

Sirone is already strangled by the steel wire. It seemed to him that planting a thought that would trigger some action wouldn't make the situation better.

“I have no choice but to try it once. In fact, it's not such an easy situation. Of course, cutting off the neck would take a considerable amount of time, but cutting off even an artery would be fatal. Perhaps by then the unconscious will be disintegrating at a breakneck speed.”

Amy felt impatient.

“So what?”

The solution Armin suggested was simple.

“We need to find Sirone.”

"yes? But this is the spirit of Sirone.”

“To be precise, everything here is a shadow created by projecting the core of Sirone. We'll find the core, not the shadows. I call it incarnation.”

Amy remembered what she heard from Gadlock in the Valley of the Vortex Serpents. The whirlpool snake, which was the shadow of a giant snake, was really just a sleek little salamander. Heaven's people called it incarnation.

“Is that incarnation on the surface of the 11th level?”

Armin shook his head.

“There won’t be. So you should call me.”

Rayna asked.

“How do you call me?”

Amy noticed before hearing Armin's answer.

“Can’t we just ask people? After all, everyone here is a sirone.”

Armin nodded in satisfaction. It seemed that the two of them now had some intuition about the nature of this world.

"you're right. Just ask people. It's called a keyword. It's quite a difficult task from the outside, but here you just have to ask. If you inject sirone as a keyword, your incarnation will rise to level 11. Then let's go.”

Armin walked to the counter with the two women. Then he asked the middle-aged woman who was still knitting.

“Do you know a man named Sirone?”

As soon as Armin's words fell out, the musician's performance stopped like a lie. I couldn't even hear people murmur.

It wasn't until I realized how much noise I was exposed to. It was perfectly still.

Amy looked around in a cool mood.

The people who had fallen into depression so far were looking at Armin with their eyes clear.

The same goes for the woman at the counter. As if her eyes had stopped, she opened her mouth belatedly.

“Why are you looking for that person?”

Armin sighed and smiled.

that person Seeing that he didn't say Sirone's name, it seemed like he was cautious.

In any case, you should speak well from now on. It was not allowed to be blatant, and it was forbidden to speak with hostility.

“I have something to tell you.”

The woman thought for a moment and continued knitting.

"I don't know. Who is that person?”

"okay."

Arius held his breath, thinking that it would not be easy.

Also well trained. Even a wizard who specializes in the spirit world will be shaken in a situation where his head is cut off. 

Even though there was thunder and chaos outside, the fact that the fragments of consciousness were still alert was a testament to how well he had been clearing his mind in normal times.

"All right. Then let's go.”

The woman at the counter said without even looking.

“Pay the roof and go.”

Even right before his death, he seemed to be relieved by receiving something to receive. This was also the spirit of a wizard who pursued 100% efficiency.

'Whoops, he's got a thorough personality.'

It is customary for people who enter an inn to avoid the rain without lodging and meals to pay a certain amount for the roof.

But Amy had no money. Even if she did, she doubted that real money would be a transaction.

Then Armin rummaged through his pockets. And he willingly took out a gold coin and paid.

“Here it is.”

"huh?"

Amy examined the gold coin he handed over. As expected, it was a cog-shaped gold coin that was not used in reality.

The woman at the counter frowned as she touched the gold coin.

“This is too expensive.”

“The change is done.”

“I can’t. It's okay, so just take it."

“Really fine.”

When Armin refused with a smile, the woman coolly agreed.

“Okay then. You will be blessed.”

Amy pursed her lips. 

Although the innkeeper's way of speaking, appearance, and gender were different, for some reason I thought that he resembled Sirone's usual appearance.

“Okay, let’s go first.”

Armin had a serious expression on his face.

I left the inn, but I couldn't dare to go outside the eaves. The floor was filled with water like a flood.

Feeling the cold again, Amy shivered.

“If this happens, the whole world will be submerged.”

Armin shook his head.

“No, the world will disappear before then.”

Amy turned her head and looked at the scenery of the inn. 

The warmth blocked by a window made her even colder, but seeing people resting comfortably warmed her heart.

When Sirone dies, they all disappear. 

Even though they are not human, I hoped that they would live in this world for a long time.

“First of all, the keyword sirone was injected, so the incarnation of sirone will rise to the surface. Divers call this process a net.”

"okay."

“But that's why it's a problem. I'm running out of time, so I'll explain as I go. The higher the water, the harder it will be to move.”

Armin ran through the heavy rain, where he could not see an inch ahead. Amy asked, catching up with him.

“Where are you going? I don't even know where Sirone is.”

"first… … You will have to buy weapons. Maybe.”

Armin stopped in front of the two-story building and looked up. I saw a signboard with an ax and a sword crossed.

The three of them sheltered from the rain on the cornice of the arms store again. This time the eaves were narrow and had to cling to the wall.

Armin asked, looking back at the two women standing next to each other.

“Is there anything you can handle?”

Rayna spoke first.

“I learned a little swordsmanship when I was young… … .”

“I am a wizard.”

Arius smiled when Amy said something embarrassing. It seems that he was ashamed to say that he was a wizard because he had been criticized a little while ago.

"okay. I wish I had something useful.”

As Armin tried to enter the weapons shop, Amy stopped him.

“Hey, but how did you get the money?”

Even if you have good weapons, you can't live without money. Moreover, the money paid at the inn was not real money. 

Armin had just entered Sirone's consciousness, so he thought that maybe he could get the money too.

“Ah, that was withdrawn.”

“Withdrawal? Where?”

Armin pointed to the sky.

“Sirone, of course. This is Syrone's ritual, so you can create anything you want. Imagine in your heart that you need money. Then, money will come in as much as the trust Sirone feels for you. Let's see... … .”

Armin rummaged through his pockets and pulled out a gold coin.

“There are currently 9 of them, so I got a total of 10 gold. Of course, if this is also gold, haha.”

The two women saw the jagged gold coins in Armin's palm and thought to themselves that they needed money.

After rummaging through her pockets, Reina said with a blush.

"what? Really. 7 pieces, 7 gold.”

Amy looked up in amazement.

I had never heard of a person named Armin while I had known Sirone so far, so I thought Reina would receive at least 10 more gold coins. 

However, the result broke expectations and Armin won. 

Could it be that, in fact, Sirone underestimated Reina? No, she meant that she trusted Armin as much as she did.

'Who the hell is this? What kind of connection did he have with Sirone?'

In any case, Amy also had a little bit of anticipation. It was an object that could not be used in reality anyway, but in the spiritual world, this was the only currency.

‘Hmm, Armin-san has 10, Reina-unnie has 7. Then would you like me to give you about 20?'

Amy stuck out her tongue and rummaged in her pockets. Then she changed her hand again and looked at her pocket opposite her.

Gradually, her expression deteriorated.

"what?"

Reina tilted her head and asked.

"what's the matter?"

“No, wait.”

Amy hurriedly searched all the pockets of her clothes. But no matter how she looked, she wasn't withdrawing.

Amy, blushing, said in disbelief.

“There are no gold coins in it?”

Armin nodded as if he understood why.

“Hmm, that’s right. If Sirone refuses to withdraw, that may be enough.”

Amy was shocked.

The number of gold coins was said to be an indicator of how much Sirone trusted that person. But how could he not receive one himself?

"Oh no, I'll try again."

Armin said as if it was useless. 

“Even if I try, it is useless. We don't have time, so let's get something with the money we have.”

Withdrawal of gold coins is a very easy task. If gold did not come out once, it was the same no matter how many times he tried.

Reina comforted Amy and led her to the arms shop.

“Okay, Amy, let’s do that. 16 gold should be enough.”

Amy shook Reina's arm and stopped in her seat, shouting.

"It can't be!"

Tears welled up in Amy's eyes.

The 7 gold Reina received is Sirone's heart for her. She said that she did not want to buy her own weapon. If she must buy her something, it must be the money Sirone gave her.

Armin fully understood that feeling, and that is why robbery is prohibited worldwide.

When you know the inside of a person nakedly, you can't help but feel that everything you originally knew is a lie.

In fact, even though it is natural human nature.

“Amy, there is no need to feel betrayed. Sirone is desperately holding on. If any emotional turmoil arises, it may. Maybe you conveyed something bad to him before you came here... … .”

Amy shook her head wildly.

“No, it can't be. I am… … .”

Amy stopped talking.

Honestly how would you know? Even if you know everything about Sirone, you can't understand his inner thoughts.

Maybe it was because I couldn't properly respond to Xenoger's attack. He hoped to melt the spider's web with Ignit to save him, but he was disappointed that he couldn't cope properly.

Arius sighed. It was something everyone had to go through in Sirone's consciousness anyway, and it wasn't a problem with a specific answer.

“Let’s go in. We cannot delay any longer.”

As Armin resolutely cut off his pulse, Amy followed suit. Seeing her downcast, Reina felt sorry for her, but no consolation was possible in this situation.

"welcome."

The store owner closed the newspaper and said hello.

Amy raised her head slightly, then opened her eyes wide. She looked a little older, but she was definitely Nade.

“Nade? How are you?”

"huh? do you know me Am I seeing you for the first time?”

Amy looked back at Armin with eyes demanding an explanation. Armin also had an old acquaintance with Nade. He was one of Sirone's friends who hid in his house the other day.

“This is Sirone's projectile. It's a combination of the weapon shop thing and the nade thing. Perhaps a boy named Nade is interested in this.”

said Rayna.

“Sometimes it happens even in my dreams. I thought he was a villain and fought, but when I woke up from my dream, he was actually a family member who had a quarrel last night.”

"yes. It is a natural mental function. And the fact that there are complex projectiles means that more impressive concepts exist here than anywhere else. Shall we go back for a moment?”

Nade frowned as he stared at Amy.

“I really don’t know. Aren't you looking at the wrong person?"

“Ah, I guess so. The people I know are much younger. sorry."

"ha ha ha! Wherever I go, I often hear that I have a baby face.”

Amy pretended not to know, so as not to provoke Sirone's mind with useless words. This is because human consciousness is so complex that the butterfly effect immediately occurs when even a small part is touched.

---------------------------------------