[464] Call of Ra (6)

'Ikael, why... … .'

Sirone looked at Ikael with sorrowful eyes.

Her wrinkled face was completely different from the good impression left in my memory.

What the hell is she hiding?

No, why did it change?

After meeting Guffin, her appearance of standing on the side of humans disappeared, and only the dignity of the archangel who controlled humans with strong authority stood on her face.

If it was just a little bit late, the rebel 1st HQ would have exploded.

Many lives would have been lost.

The fact that someone died by her hand was more terrifying than hitting her.

“Stop it now. Are you saying you came to sign a peace treaty and then changing your words like flipping the palm of your hand?”

“Sirone, there is no eternal peace. I just came to ask for a truce. However, since human self-indulgence has reached the heavens, it can only be destroyed by the law.”

Ankera wants to hear the answers to the questions of the missing person. A truce just for that.

Ra's will to seek answers even while banning the activities of angels who were no different from limbs had been transmitted to the depths of Ikael's body, but he could not leave the arrogant humans alone.

“Negotiations are broken. We will destroy the rebels and establish the authority of heaven right here and now.”

“Will it be that easy?”

Gaold and the others approached from behind Sirone.

Around them, rebels who had finished preparing for battle were boarding hundreds of Kuroi. The sound of the Titan's engines could be heard in the distance.

From Ekael's point of view, it was just the same.

No human being can do it for the archangel. It is because the status of the law itself is different.

A law that goes beyond the law, if possible. only transcends humanity.

'Like him... … .'

Ikael shook his head resolutely.

I won't think about anything anymore.

“Prepare. come."

A strong will to fight rose from Ikael's body.

Even if it wasn't Ataraxia, Sirone's party was tensed by the powerful energy that made the mountains and rivers tremble.

Gaold glared at Ikael with a fierce gaze like never before.

The archangel's power that he actually encountered was astonishing.

but i can't

Even if he couldn't win, there was a reason he should never lose.

Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!

As the ground where Ikael was standing was crushed, cracks began to form along the circle.

Her body is ready to burst out with terrifying explosive power.

The distance she can reach before humans recognize it is the entire rebel headquarters.

That is, the first target must die.

Even Cage Team B, who had planned not to intervene in this incident as much as possible, had no choice but to take a defensive posture from a distance.

'The first thing to be eliminated is... … .'

Ikael jumped out with his eyes wide open.

'Sirone.'

Ra has banned the activities of the angels, but the archangels born from the concept of the source are not bound by the law of Ra.

Therefore, you must already be observing the situation here in real time by 'overlooking'.

Ikael caught sight of Sirone gradually approaching.

It was so fast that all scenery, including Sirone, stopped as if time had stopped.

'If I don't show my will, the archangel's authority will be shaken.'

I've already seen a lot of funny things.

If this is further shaken, the archangels will break away from Ikael's authority and act independently, and if that happens, a great difficulty will arise in fulfilling Ra's will.

'thus… … .'

remove sirone

By the time she thought about it, her body had closed the distance to Sirone by about half.

Then, slowly, the scenery moved.

Babel and Gaold tilted their centers almost at the same time, followed by Sein, Zulu, and Armin.

Kang Nan was next, followed by Etela, Shiina, and Quan, who took a counterattack posture.

Finally, Sirone didn't move until Fleur performed an automatic action using the Dawkins Algorithm.

In the state of Geumgang Armed Forces, cognitive ability increases tremendously.

Therefore, the result of immobility could be said to be entirely his choice.

Being quick-thinking is, in a sense, unfortunate.

You see things you don't have to see, and you think things you don't have to think about.

Ikael gritted his teeth and raised his claws at Sirone.

will pull out the heart.

Avoiding Babel's sword, he thrust out five fingers toward Sirone's heart.

The wind that had been blowing in from several tens of meters hit Sirone and pushed back his robe.

At the same time, Ikael's hand stood still.

'why… … .'

Sirone's sorrowful face was revealed.

'Are you crying?'

Tears flowed from his lovely eyes.

It was a stronger deterrent than the archangel's authority and Anchera.

Indeed, how much did he throw everything at this boy?

While everyone who was trying to counterattack stopped, Sirone spoke in a weeping voice.

“Just like before… … I just wanted to hug you once... … .”

At the sound of Sirone's voice, Ikael's astral body began to vibrate violently.

memory has been erased. However, the memory that was erased was not erased.

What is buried in the border of erasure, which is small, perhaps even thinner than a particle, is a deep feeling bigger than the universe.

She had truly lost her memory, but she realized that it was a memory that should never have been lost.

I had to accept that whatever it was, it was so precious.

Ikael slowly lowered his hand.

I couldn't hug Sirone, but I couldn't hurt him either.

'All I have to do is accept it.'

Ikael slowly backed away.

Every time she took a step back, it felt like the tension that was weighing down everyone's shoulders was relieved by a ton.

When Ikael returned to his original position. In front of her, colorful panels glowed, and a three-legged Mara appeared.

Only a few of Gaold and his party knew that he was Ashur, the best magician in heaven.

“Ikael.”

"Please speak."

Ikael said while still keeping his eyes on Sirone.

The reason the tone was insignificant was because he had already guessed.

“It is a rebound. Kariel summoned the fire giants to the Second Heaven and Uriel agreed. The remaining archangels were also scattered to different parts of Heaven, each with a different purpose.”

They too realized.

Although Ikael has regained his original strength, he has a fatal flaw different from before.

If you cannot command all with great power, the archangels will act according to their own judgment.

Of course, in the yard where the activities of angels are banned, only Kariel and Uriel are the only angels who will go astray enough to reject Ankera's message.

But at least the three maras led by the other archangels were free.

'It's definitely a period of upheaval in heaven. However, this is also my responsibility.'

Ikael asked.

“How are the movements of the ordinary angels?”

“I’m not going out of Jebul. As long as you are bound by the higher law of being an archangel, you will not be able to do nonsense.”

It is unpredictable.

If one of the archangels causes another reaction, it will affect the ordinary angels as well.

“Let’s go back. Negotiations are broken.”

Ashur nodded and looked back at Sirone with a puzzled expression.

Ikael's crimes were erased when she was reinstated, but only Ikael's memory was lost.

Therefore, Ashur had some idea about the relationship between Ikael and Sirone.

But it was rather an extremely abnormal and dangerous thing.

In order to perfectly restore the original Ikael, it is best to reset it. This is because if the event itself is erased, even a variable does not occur.

But Ra didn't do that.

'No, didn't I?'

Could that be the case?

Even the Ultima system couldn't prevent Ra's reset in the end.

Therefore, the failure to do so had to be seen as a situational binding force that had nothing to do with Ra's ability.

'In other words, it is currently in a situation where it cannot attempt a reset.'

An electrical signal, meaning shudder, flowed through Ashur's body.

'Damn it! I see The timeline we are in now... … .'

Before the bottom case was completed, he stabbed in first.

Therefore, the war between Heaven and the rebels is only a visible situation, and a high level of psychological warfare is unfolding behind it.

Perhaps someone, group, organization, or something bigger on the side of humanity.

'That's why Ymir doesn't move. She's totally twisted.'

Currently, if they try to create a variable first over there, the event they experience now is the first event out of reset.

In other words, the raw timeline is flowing.

Even an angel, the supreme spiritual body, cannot predict the variables of time that flow beyond cause and effect.

Anke Ra is not suppressing the war, rather it is fighting alone.

With someone who controls the timeline from beyond humanity.

'Then I should also keep my mouth shut.'

Since I don't know what effect today's trivial variables will have on Heaven, I have no choice but to follow Ra's judgment.

Embracing the frustration of not being able to predict even the future after a while, Ashur signaled Ikael to go back.

Gaold asked as Ikael was about to take flight.

“Where is the maze?”

Today's events have dampened the rebels' spirit, but Gaold will come. That's probably why Kariel is imprisoning the maze in Rakia.

“It is in the second thousand.”

Ikael confided in meekly.

She also vaguely sensed what Ashur was thinking.

In order to lead the seven archangels, it is better to tie the two most dangerous elements, Kariel and Uriel, to some extent.

"Right. Go find it.”

Ikael didn't answer, and flew up as fast as light, disappearing from everyone's gaze at command.

* * *

The atmosphere at the rebel headquarters was solemn.

They were the ones who ruined the unusual offer from Heaven, so I couldn't blame anyone.

The executives held heated meetings all night without deciding on a war, and Gaold and his party were gathering their minds with their thoughts in mind.

Whatever decision they make, the project must go ahead.

It wasn't just Gaold, it was the same for Sirone.

'Ikael... … .'

Why is she so cruel to herself?

If it was just an illusion, it's enough to admit it like that.

But in the end, she couldn't attack.

In that hesitant trembling, there were words that Sirone really wanted to hear.

Hearing a knock and seeing Sain enter, Sirone tries to smile.

The reason for the slight bitterness is that we guess the reason for his visit.

“How are you feeling?”

It was really strange for a Servant to care about his emotions, but it didn't feel bad.

“I don’t know yet. Because it doesn’t touch the reality.”

“I won’t ask how you and Ikael are.”

Sein was sincere.

That was only Sirone's problem.

“I know. Having fulfilled the terms of the contract, I will not hesitate. Please come up with a strategy to activate God's punishment.”

Sein nodded.

First of all, that was the most important issue.

“If any part of Ikael was different from what you expected… … .”

Sae-in brought out the second agenda.

"It's probably Ankera's Akashic Records triggered."

“You mean Ikael lost his memory?”

“There is a possibility of that. When the parts change, the whole changes. Anke Ra is the whole, so it doesn't matter if it changes in any way, but we plan to use the variables that came out of it. Ikael also falls under that category.”

Sirone knew what Sain was trying to say.

It meant that the war was not over yet.

“You will be on an independent mission. It's best for Zulu to support you, but there's a bit of an annoyance on our side as well. It will catch the flu.”

Sirone was happy.

As I felt at 2nd Command, Flu was the most reliable ally.

"yes. I am very good.”

“Rest. I'll tell you when the plan is set.”

Sein briefly finished his business and turned around.

Just as she was about to open the door and leave, Sirone said.

"thank you."

Sain closed the door, thinking about what to say until the end.

“… … It's just part of the tactic."

It must have been, but Sirone felt much lighter than before.

'Ikael.'

will meet her

Because that's the only reason I came to heaven.

---------------------------------------