Groggy (4)

Iruki would be a successful wizard.

“I will arrive in an hour.”

He was the one who rose to the position of commander-in-chief in Valkyrie's commanding department, where the best brains gathered.

A person who thinks like an Ex-Machina.

The gray matter organ inside Iruki's skull was the most functional in the world.

The number of troops he moved exceeded 1 million elite, and the Archmage and the Greatsword No. were no exception.

“I need to close my eyes. Wake me up in 30 minutes.”

The wagon guarded by 200 certified second-class knights provided the highest level of comfort through the culmination of technology.

'Is this really the right thing?'

I made a quick decision because it was a race against time, but questions still remained.

'Now that the psychic realm is closed, the number of demons has become objectified. It's time for weapons of mass destruction, but... …

The weapon Iruki designed was an elemental bomb that he first conceived during his days at Alpheas Magic School.

The power of magic would have far surpassed, and it would lead to the destruction of mankind.

'It's a weapon that would have been made someday. If we don't get rid of the demons, humanity will perish anyway.'

When I consciously let go of the tension, the tip of my nose felt tired.

When Iruki's breathing calmed down, Aromi, the leader of the training team, carefully turned over the file.

She had an intelligent appearance wearing horn-rimmed glasses, and she was actually a woman who led Jive's think tank.

“Currently, the place we are going to is the dwarf ruins of the Arca Mountains in the southwestern part of Tormia Kingdom. A nationally certified archaeological excavation team is already doing the mining work. There may be a backlash, so please attach all the documents.”

said the leader of the legal department.

“I can’t sue anyway. The approval of the kingdom of Tormia has already fallen.”

“It is, but… …

The fact that the excavation team was Iruki's alumni was at stake.

“Coke! Coke!”

When Iruki coughed, Aromi spread the blanket next to him and covered him.

“You’ve gotten worse lately.”

Iruki suddenly opened his eyes, raised his upper body and covered his mouth with his hand.

“Ouch! Whoops!”

A goblet of blood leaked out through the gap between the fingers following the sound of heavy breathing.

“Sir General!”

Aromi cheered and shouted.

“Call the medic! hurry!"

"are you okay. I want to go quietly.”

"It's not possible. When the general's condition is critical, I make all decisions regarding emergency rescue. It also includes the power to decide the total cancellation of the mission.

is."

Iruki smiled bashfully through his bleeding mouth.

“But it won’t. Yes?"

Aromi, who had maintained a calm expression, exhorted me with a gentle face.

“So get tested. You are the one humanity should not lose.”

Only the thinking power of the Ex-Machinas can stand against Harbitz, who is outside the odds.

However, the overdrive was still steadily eating away at Iruki's life.

“I will go in.”

The medical officer who was waiting in the auxiliary carriage climbed into the house carriage and looked at Iruki.

Even while taking blood pressure and checking eye movements, Iruki lay weak.

If I stopped overtaxing my brain even now, I might be able to enjoy a decent lifespan like everyone else... … .

'Don't worry, father. I know what you're going to say.'

Just as the extreme end of combustion is an explosion, Iruki intended to burn his life for a moment.

'Please, hold on until the war is over.'

As Iruki's eyes became clear again, Aromi lowered her head with a heavy heart.

'thank you.'

It was the only thing I could say to him in the face of death.

In the Arca Mountains, there are the remains of a dwarf race that flourished 2,000 years ago.

The handicraft skills of the dwarves are known to be precise enough to surpass those of modern humans.

It was an established fact that once the excavation was successful, making a lot of money was as good as the archaeological value.

"center! center! No, a little further to the side!”

A group of people were working on mining on a cliff 80 meters high and 320 meters wide.

They were all a team of wizards and they went to the same school.

Kurleung! Kurleung!

A huge equipment weighing over 70 tons with a height of 13 meters was digging out the cliff.

An endless track was attached to the lower body, and a huge drill was installed at the end of the two arms that were attached to the human-like upper body.

"it's okay! Dorothy! Turn it back!” The woman riding in her gear was Dorothy, who had dropped out of Alpheas Magic School last year.

“Ugh! Goes!"

Mimesis' ability to share the mind with the magician greatly improved the work efficiency of the manipulator.

Kaka Kaka Kaka!

As the two huge drills turned, sparks flew and an afterimage of light like flower petals appeared in front of my eyes.

"cheer up! Hickory No. 19!”

Hickory No. 19, which was made through improvement after improvement, accepted Dorothy's spirit and further increased its output.

Kang! Kang! Kang!

At that time, a blunt impact was applied to the equipment, and the heavy body began to rattle.

"stop! stop! I'm stuck!”

Sabina, who had once gone to magic school with Dante, waved a stop flag.

“Aww, damn it!”

Dorothy, who hit Hickory's cockpit hard, came out of the aircraft with a frown.

"what? Is it iron ore again?”

"uh. The mineral content is too high. Somehow, they said it was strange from the moment they obediently gave permission to work.”

The Arca Mountains have historically been a difficult area to mine.

“I’ll check.”

Closer, who majored in earth magic, approached Hickory 19's drill.

The heat was to the point of burning.

“Pooh! I'm completely blocked. It will take 2 days to pierce this. How about attacking the first excavation point again?”

Canis, who joined the excavation team as an archeology major, brought Arin with her.

"That's not allowed. If you continue to drill with such ignorant equipment, the dwarf ruins will be destroyed.”

Dorothy raised her ax eye.

"hey! I thought you said it was an ignorant device! I can even play air games with this if I want to!”

“Anyway, no. If the ruins or artifacts are damaged, you're going through a lot of trouble anyway.”

Closer used his major to inspect the cave's terrain.

“I think it will be easy to go down once this point is cleared? Judging by the flow, it was not buried very deep.”

“Then let’s smoke a cigarette and try again.”

Dorothy lit a cigarette and jumped from a height of 10 meters.

The war broke out and they dropped out, but there was no fear that they would get hurt as wizards.

“Whoa, nothing is easy. I even gave up on school and risked my life.”

Dorothy threw her hard hat on the floor and let out a long puff of cigarette smoke.

Because she was not wearing a bra, the chest area of ​​her black running shirt was protruding.

Closer said holding up a bucket of water.

“But we are better off. Did you hear about the springs? I heard you became a magic kindergarten teacher after graduating from school.”

Sabina frowned.

Frings, who majored in freezing magic, was remembered as a pervert with severe voyeurism in addition to his outstanding skills.

Dorothy burst into laughter.

"ha ha ha! kindergarten teacher? Well, considering his personality, it might be a perfect fit.”

Wouldn't they be asking the children they teach about what they ate this morning with their nostrils wide open?

“We have changed a lot too. Come to think of it, school was really fun.”

Dorothy recalled her senior year.

Person-to-person battles, scramble royale fights, intense graduation exams, and... … .

With a light smile on her face, she recalled someone.

"ruler! Let's start again! Let’s do it our way this time!”

“Good!”

As everyone went back to their respective seats, Arin looked back and said.

“Canis, look over there.”

A huge house-coach with an armed escort was speeding down the hill.

"what? Is it a kingdom?”

“No, the mark is different?”

When the entire excavation team cast air magic to compress the air, the wagon's seal was clearly visible.

"sanctuary?"

It is also the seal of the combat unit Valkyrie.

was

While waiting with an unusual expression, the carriage pulled the dust to a halt.

The door opened and Aromi stepped out.

While watching the excavation team with a neat appearance, she raised her glasses and walked like a cat.

"hello. My name is Aromi, the executive secretary of the Strategic Command of the Valkyrie Unit under the Temple.”

Closer said bluntly.

“It’s a long name. What show?”

Aromi sighed and handed out an official document.

“This is a letter of approval from the Kingdom of Tormia delegating the excavation authority for the Arca Mountains to Valkyrie from this time on. Please check and sign.”

"what… …

Canis shouted before Dorothy could spit it out.

“What is it?”

He roughly took the documents and quickly checked the 10-page contract transfer.

“Stop talking nonsense!”

Then he threw the folder on the floor and looked straight at Aromi.

“Until I did my research, I couldn't find any evidence of the dwarf ruins. Are you guys taking away the project we planned and started? I absolutely cannot tolerate it!”

Aromi was calm.

“It has nothing to do with the dwarf ruins. This is a major global event that transcends national boundaries. I will compensate you.”

“Who are you to rate the value of ruins with money? The Dwarves' Artifact says "Wait a minute."

Dorothy, the team leader, stepped in.

“You said it had nothing to do with the ruins, right? So what is Valkyrie doing here? Is he going to set up a military base as well?”

“It is confidential.”

“I guess so. But shouldn’t we at least come up with an argument that we can understand?”

“Why?”

Aromi didn't give me an excuse to bite.

“The temple requested it and the kingdom granted it. It is not a matter for a private excavation team to step out. Please stop.”

This time even Dorothy couldn't stand it.

"Who are you? I need to meet the chief executive. Wouldn’t the chief of staff be the decision maker?”

“I will say it again… …

"it's me."

Before Dorothy could finish her words, Iruki got out of the carriage and approached them.

“Hey, Iruki?”

I heard that he left Tormia through the wizard community, but I didn't expect to see him in a place like this.

"A long time."

After Iruki, 40 knights lined up on the left and right to escort him.

As magicians, they knew better that masters were hard to find in society.

Sabina asked.

“Iruki, what happened?”

Aromi stood aside and said.

“If you are also citizens of Tormia, be polite. He is the general commander of the Valkyrie unit under the Temple.”

“A general?”

Closer blinked.

“Then you are the captain?”

Iruki said indifferently.

"okay. I'm sorry. I don’t mean to interrupt what you’re doing, but we need to write some here.”

Like a magician, he grasped the situation in an instant, and Sabina asked thoughtfully.

"So you're saying you know everything? Then you know our personality well, right? No matter how much it is in the temple, stealing someone else's bowl is too much.”

Dorothy felt betrayed as well.

However, since it was Iruki and no one else, I suppressed my emotions and tried to have a conversation.

“What are you trying to do here?” Dorothy's eyes tightened.

“Yeah, I get it. He's in a high position, so he can't even see us... …

“I will make a very dangerous weapon.”

“Sir General.”

Iruki ignored Aromi's signal.

“To do that, you need a special mineral. Investigations have shown that they are buried in large quantities in this mountain range.”

It was obviously a secret that should not be entered into enemy camps, and Dorothy's mind was complicated.

'Iruki.'

School days, the protagonist of the most precious memories.