[688] Incident (3)

After confirming Chagall's direction, Rufist cast fly magic and found Sirone and the others.

I wasn't even worried when I picked the fresh flower, but I knew that I wasn't going to die easily anyway.

“You managed to survive.”

When Lufist landed on the ground and spoke, Sirone pursed his lips with a sullen expression.

However, because he understood Lufist's feelings for losing Jane, he didn't say much about the flowers.

“Mayray is strange.”

There was no humanity in her face.

“Is it Terraforce?”

Since he was in a position to receive reports of the secrets of the world, he was not surprised to see intelligent life from outer space.

However, they needed to know the intentions revealed through Mayray.

“What are you aiming for?”

Mayray looked around startled as if collecting sounds, then answered in human language.

"law."

"law? what order?”

No answer came back, and for now, the mission was the priority, so Lufist gave up his thoughts and said.

“Okay, let’s start now. Chagall is in action. La Enemy is nearby.”

Kido held out his hand.

“Give me too, Nemesis.”

When Rufist turned around, Sirone gave a brief explanation.

“It’s tasteless.”

Since he now guessed La Enemy's intentions, Rufist obediently handed over the spare Nemesis.

“Hmm, if I wear this… … .”

When Kido put the ring on his index finger, his imagination became a reality and the scene of the goblin tribe unfolded.

'sister.'

Kido's sister, wearing a ragged skirt, was eating a pig's leg with one leg raised on a rock.

His bold and ferocious expression was unpleasant for humans to see, but Kido looked at him with his mouth open.

“Hey.”

Rufist said coldly.

“Cut off your thoughts. Any interference is fatal to the battle.”

The scenery disappeared in an instant.

The fact that he was able to control his mind right away made him guess Kido's realm.

"let's go. Chasing Chagall.”

Wizards flew through the sky and Kido quickly chased after them while keeping his distance.

After running for 3 minutes, I saw Chagall stabbing with a rapid-fire sword in a state of loss of reason.

“Aaaaaaa!”

It seemed crazy, but the genius move made the existence of the virtual La Enemy more palpable.

“Get inside Nemesis’ radius.”

Upon entering within a 20-meter radius of Chagall, Sirone opened his eyes wide at the first sensation he felt in his life.

'This is the nostalgia of the case.'

As if recalling the past from a particular smell, the fragrance of La Enemie, which Chagall is responsible for, has been conveyed.

'But I don't know where it is.'

Unlike sight, the detection ability of the sense of smell is not restricted by concealment and cover, but it could not pinpoint the exact point.

-I'm here, Sirone.

As the god's frequency resonated, everyone turned their heads to the left as Ra Enemy's voice was heard.

“La Enemy!”

Sirone shouted in an empty place, but the answer came from a completely different place.

-What is the universe?

“Come out! Appear in front of me!”

-How can I not be a god?

“Keeeh!”

Kido slid past the spot where the voice was heard and swung the spear, but nothing caught.

Sirone immediately looked away.

'It's no use. He only exists in the past.'

There was no guarantee that a voice from the past would still be there.

'But it's not that distant past.'

It was because Chagall was still here, and if it was in the past within one second, La Enemy could have been hit with the Sibul statue bombardment.

'Broad!'

When the magic was cast using the sense of time, the light curtain took over the entire 20-meter radius.

At the same time, Chagall sniffed and left the place.

'Avoided. It must be magic.'

The fact that Chagall's movement was immediate means that La Enemy is staying in a time frame close to the present.

“Where are you! come out!"

Then, someone touched Sirone's shoulder.

-Answer the remaining questions, Sirone.

Hearing the cold voice from close by, Sirone felt his heart sink.

'It's behind me.'

Everyone felt it through Nemesis and Kido jumped, but it was Chagall who arrived first.

“Die aaaaa!”

“Keugh!”

Sirone hurriedly twisted her body to avoid the dagger.

"Wake! If we don't join forces... … !”

"kill! Kill for sure!”

As Chagall, who had lost his temper, sprinted to the ground and sprinted down the road, Lufist, who had risen into the sky, shouted.

“Follow me! There it is!”

As the chase began again, Kido pressed close to Shirone's side.

“Wait for the time to add up. He's the one who manipulates events on a cosmic level. You can even calculate the motion of air molecules. You have to assume that you are the strongest enemy.”

“Even if it materializes, is it a different matter to subdue it?”

Kido nodded.

“It’s not all about finding it. If I can't subdue it, I can't eat it, and then I can't figure out Ra Enemy's intentions.”

Rufist lowered the flight altitude and said.

“I don’t know how many opportunities there will be, but thinking of it as one is perfect. When the opportunity comes, never miss it.”

Sirone gritted his teeth and nodded.

"yes."

You will never miss it.

* * *

Rian, Kuan, and Venezia joined Etela and ran through the area of ​​Radum's concealment facility.

'It's a really strange feeling.'

There is no such thing as a destination.

It was a situation where it was okay to empty your mind because Enemy would be there anyway.

'That's why it's so ominous.'

Kuan looked back at Venice.

'Why did La Enemy kill her brain?'

Perhaps because Venice's free will gets in the way of La Enemy's designs.

'If that's the case, we come to the conclusion that we shouldn't meet Ra Enemy... … .'

“You don’t have to think.”

Quan turned to Etella.

“No matter what judgment we make, we cannot tell whether it is La Enemy's intention or our will. It must be assumed that the case has already been eaten.”

It was a loss of free will.

“It seems that there is only a straight method.”

The only thing they could do was to meet Ra Enemy and wipe it out of existence.

Having made up his mind, Quan stopped walking and put the Nemesis ring on Venezia.

Sensing Etella's gaze, he explained.

“Aria was wearing it. Now, if La Enemy approaches, you can see it with her eyes.”

Then I heard Sirone's voice.

“Lian!”

I saw Chagall rushing with his mad eyes raised, and Sirone and his party were following him.

“Ah, ah… … .”

As Venezia shuddered and groaned, Lian, Quan, and Ethella all turned their heads at the same time.

Standing there was a handsome man with dark skin, tall stature, Middle Eastern clothing and long hair like a woman's.

"Finally."

The five senses are integrated.

"la… … !”

Chagall drool between his teeth and threw the bag containing the rapid-fire sword as hard as he could.

“Enemyeeeeeeee!”

La Enemie looked back and smiled beautifully, but that smile was directed at Sirone, not Chagall.

“It’s been a while, Sirone.”

For Sirone, it was only 20 years, but for Ra, it was billions of years of waiting.

"why! why! why!"

The vanguard is, of course, Chagall.

Dozens of rapid-fire swords flew towards all of Ra's vital points.

A skill that took the lives of countless strong people.

However, La Enemy evaded all attacks by spinning a circle in a beautiful motion as if dancing.

"what… … !”

It was a mysterious incident to the extent that Chagall, who was in deep despair, even lost his will to continue the attack.

'This is impossible!'

A genius intuition said so.

“Sirone! Now!”

At the same time as Lufist shouted, Sirone stopped walking.

'I won't miss it!'

Quantum Super Position - 300 Stacks - Incarnation Art - Angel's Punishment.

The incarnation of the light angel rose in a huge way and launched a relentless bombardment towards Ra Enemy.

It was a power that could kill everyone in this place, but even so, sacrifice was unavoidable.

'If only I could remove Raman!'

Everyone was thinking the same thing, so no one resented Sirone for unwittingly casting magic.

The roar of the heavens and earth pierced the eardrum.

Debris crashed first, and clouds of dust spread like giant monsters encroaching on the city.

“Pooh! It's amazing.”

Pushing a brick taller than a person upwards, Lian walked out.

The spear of light that Sirone ruthlessly planted was far more powerful than the one he saw in the graduation exam just a while ago.

'If I lived, I would have lived.'

Those gathered here were the best of the elite.

The first thing that caught my eye was a black hole with a radius of several tens of meters and an unknown depth.

And above the hole, Ra Enemy floated.

“… … Are you fine?”

The other people who appeared through the smoke could not understand the current situation.

Only Sirone could reliably recreate the moment when 300 spears were stabbed in sequence.

"This… … It's impossible.”

The feelings Sirone felt were exactly the same as Chagall's feelings just before.

'There was no way to avoid it!'

It wasn't because Sirone was overconfident in his own abilities, or because he underestimated La Enemie's abilities.

Movement Zero.

Clearly, even though 300 spears completely blocked La Enemy's movement, he had avoided it.

'There was a route that could be avoided?'

Sirone shook her head roughly.

'No, never. Even if I were there, there would be no way to get out.'

In a perfectly checkmate situation, it is impossible to find a move that can break it.

It's not difficult, it's because there really isn't.

Mayray approached Sirone.

“Hexa. It is a perfect random number.”

"Perfect… … random number?”

“Humans cannot create randomness. Even if you try to set something random, the very intention of 'I will set it randomly' creates a new pattern.”

Can we imagine perfect randomness?

“But Ra is different. That's complete chaos. You will believe that there is no movement outside the pattern.”

Wave your hand, blink your eyes, scream.

When you imagine all the near-infinite actions that humans can do, you can do something that goes beyond that category.

“Just because you can’t imagine it doesn’t mean it doesn’t exist.”

"okay. If Hexa is 100% a product of necessity, Ra is 100% a product of coincidence.”

It was natural that humans could not imagine if everything was triggered by chance, transcending patterns.

“In a word, it is annoyingly strong. What are you going to do now? I don’t think a single change in firepower will work?”

Mayray said.

“There is a way to eliminate La Enemie. But that's only possible if you steal his blueprints.”

Kido pressed his glasses while glaring at La Enemy.

“If you eat him, you can also eat his imagination. Perfect chaos doesn't mean invincible anyway. therefore… … That's what chaos is, right? Weak and strong... … .”

“Yeah, I understand.”

Sirone moved and said.

“I will create a chance. That's when you eat Enemy.”

“What are you going to do?”

“… … I don't know either."

As Sirone ran with a smile and jumped over the pit with teleportation, La Enemy greeted her with open arms.

“Can you do it, Sirone?”

I do not know.

But there was an answer.

Quantum Super Position - Wheel of Fear.

At first it's 2 stacks.

Then, when Quantum Super Position was activated again, the number of overlapping events began to soar to infinity.

The only way to control the cowardly fractal was the Ultima System, but Sirone gave up even that and called out.

"oh my god… … .”

The number of sirones increased like a bubble and became a giant sphere of flesh, completely trapping Ra Enemy.

“How are you going to hold on?”

If the number continued to increase, it would eventually become uncontrollable, but Sirone did not worry.

'It doesn't matter, no matter how much it increases.'

Neutralizes necessity and chance.

The reason why Sirone's cases can be endlessly increased is that La Enemie's cases will equally erase them.

“Bubble… … disappear.”

The moment one sirone finally caught La Enemy, all the sirones began to converge towards that one incident.

---------------------------------------