[63] Invisible (3)

Obsession close to madness and bliss.

Sirone was creepy. Everyone had been immersed in their work, forgetting to sleep for days. When I did the calculations, it seemed that the average sleeping time per day was only about 1 hour and 40 minutes.

Even when Sirone was studying hard, the workload wasn't like this. But strangely, I didn't feel as tired as before. It was as if the pain had been numbed.

'I usually play around like that, but when it's time to do it, it's scary.'

Seeing him so devoted to his field that he literally wastes even sleeping time, Sirone felt an unprecedented desire for achievement.

“Nade, are you tired?”

“No, not at all. No, are you tired? Actually, I don't know. I feel like my head is open.”

"so do i. Since Iruki is working on it, let's start with the script. I also need to make the text for the poster. Little things like this take time to do.”

“Oh, is that so? Then, let’s put up the poster first tomorrow.”

“Are you okay? We’re not even at the stage of predicting the amount of work yet.”

“I will have to bear it. It is best to make announcements as soon as possible. I don't want to show an urgent tee. Since it's psychological warfare, shouldn't we consider this aspect as well?”

“Yes. Then I will make the poster text, you think about the design.”

The two laid the paper on the table and started making posters. It was late at night, but their minds were still bright.

next day.

Toward the end of lunchtime, a poster was put up on the bulletin board. It was a guide to the presentation of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society. Most of the students were bewildered. Even the name was unfamiliar because they did not carry out official activities like a shadowy research society. In particular, the poster was ignorant enough to make me laugh out loud. The scenery of the magic school was distorted to create a dreary landscape, as if looking at a poster for a circus performance.

Supernatural Psychic Science Research Society surprise presentation!

A shocking revelation! Those who want to know the identity of the soul, please gather at the 7th lecture hall.

“Psychic science? What is that? Are you talking about ghosts?”

“There was a study group like this. I don't think there's really anything dirty to do. Who are you? The kids who got into these stupid study groups?”

"what? Guys, look at this.”

The female student pointed to the bottom of the poster. The eyes of the students who discovered the names of the research members widened.

“Are you Shirone-senpai? How did this happen? Is there anyone with the same name?”

“Can that be? He's the real Sirone-senpai. Next to me is Mercody Iruki and Nade-senpai.”

“By the way, are there all three? Was it made for performance evaluation? Anyway, this is crazy. Why is there a study group like this?”

“When is the presentation? Shall we attend?”

“I want to go. Since Sirone-senpai is there, I'm interested for some reason. Did you really uncover the identity of the ghost?"

“If you see it, you will know what. Crunchy! Anyway, it will be fun.”

The students turned away without thinking. It was the atmosphere of going to see a play performance, not an academic conference. On the other hand, those who operate in the shadows, such as the Supernatural Psychic Research Society, could not hide their wonder. They gathered to avoid the attention of others and whispered.

"What happened? A presentation at the ‘Super Psychic’?”

“According to my intelligence, it seems that you and Shiina-sensei were at odds with each other. I guess it was meant to stick together. But can there be any? It's not the old psychic meeting. The glory days are over.”

“I can’t be certain. Iruki is a Servant, and Nade's skills cannot be ignored. The new member Sirone also has a history of disbanding the Black Magician. I don't think it will end like this.”

“Quack. Black Magic was the only kid in the lower class. Let's watch anyway. If the First Spirit is gone, there will be a full-blown war. About the position of the second owner of Estas.”

“It won't be easy. Because the Women's Human Body Research Society has been eyeing it for a long time. The 'Golden Wheel', an economic research society, is also preparing to open a black market. It must be an opportunity to secure a portion.”

"joy. Our doll collection society is also not easy. I swear by my sweet Poco. The 'upper part' of Istas is ours.”

Their eyes burned as they recalled the upper levels of Istas, which had only come down to legend. Those who know about the Supernatural Psychic Research Society and those who don't. Each situation is different, but everyone expected that this presentation would be a hit.

On the other hand, the parties had no time to care about such things. There was only one thought filling their heads.

Why is there only 24 hours in a day?

What if a day was about 200 hours. No, even if it's not possible, if I had at least 48 hours, I would be able to create perfect results.

But he was not foolish enough to waste time delusion. The three of them were proceeding with the work while breaking the day into as many small pieces as possible.

After successfully developing the prototype, Nade held a demonstration in front of Sirone and Iruki. The hologram device was a hemispherical machine that looked like an overturned rice bowl, with output terminals lined up on the outside. While Iruki set the function on the device, Sirone held onto the fiber optic crystal ball and waited.

“Sirone, try using Photon Output.”

“Are you okay? Aren't you still at the perfect level?"

“It is the same for us. You have to demonstrate it first so you can find things to improve on.”

"okay."

Grabbing two crystal balls each, Sirone cast a powerful photon output. Electricity was generated from the output terminal of the hologram device, and a translucent human figure appeared. There is a limit to the sharpness that can be achieved electrically, but Nade thought it was better. This is because the appearance of the ghost imagined by the students will also be like this.

“This is a hologram.”

The ghost was a soldier in ancient armor. His face was terribly marred, and bones were exposed all over his body.

“Once the frame is fine. Iruki, it's your turn this time."

Iruki activated the controller Nade made. Although there are only four buttons, dozens of patterns can be expressed because they can be combined. Each time the button was pressed, the hologram of the soldier performed various actions. Iruki was satisfied as he watched the soldier walk through the warehouse.

“For now, there is no problem with the function. we can go like this Now all that's left is Sirone. Are you okay? On the day of the presentation, the number of devices will increase dramatically.”

Sirone, who tried it himself, was also worried. Power generation can be restored with Nade's electricity, but the problem was the ability to transmit information. It was because the mind was quite tired even with only one hologram device operating.

“I will do my best. Still, the fact that the retention time is increasing is hopeful. So now Nade will go into mass production. Is Iruki over?"

“No, I still have a lot to improve on. Considering the psychological changes, it will take a year to analyze. I'm thinking of a probability of about 5% or more as a practical variable. I'll make it in time, though.”

“First of all, since the prototype came out for me, I have to open up the odds from today. No time to rehearse. Let’s stick to our respective roles for the rest of the time.”

That's what he said, but everyone knew that Sirone was the one with the most burden. Even if a few devices break down, even if Iruki's function is a little different, the operation will go ahead anyway. However, if the output is weakened, the strategy will not even be attempted, and the students will laugh at it.

'Limit 10 minutes. If I can't reach that point, the recital will be one mana.'

Returning to the warehouse, Sirone reviewed the training process so far. Mental strengthening comes in the form of rebounds. There were very few cases of gradual strengthening. A zig-zag pattern of falling and rising. Moreover, the greater the fall, the greater the rise.

“The more you push your mind to its limits, the greater the scope for reinforcement.”

It was the conclusion Sirone came to. If he borrowed this method in physical training, he would not be able to endure it for a month and his body would break, but his mind had the elasticity to withstand high levels of stress. Especially for Sirone, whose strength is durability, there was no better training method than this.

Driving yourself to the brink of destroying your consciousness. 

It will be accompanied by so much pain, but this was the only solution to break through the current difficulties. 

'I have to beat my mind more!'

The size of the light source reflected on the wall was getting bigger and bigger.

* * *

It was the last day I promised my friends.

The time was getting closer to midnight. The warehouse where Sirone was training was as bright as daylight with photon output light. Shooting photons with both hands, Sirone closed his eyes tightly and bit his lip. His body twisted and his legs writhed in pain. His consciousness seemed to melt. It was something I might go crazy if I went on like this.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Sirone scooped out even a handful of mental strength. The next moment the light disappeared like turning off a faucet. He heard a thud as he fell on his knees in the darkened warehouse.

“Heo-eok! Huh!”

Cirone crawled to her knees and slammed the button on the gearwheel clock to check the time.

10 minutes 32 seconds. 

"Ha ha ha ha ha… … .”

It was an unbelievable result that made me laugh out loud. 

The photon output was maintained for more than 10 minutes. It was thanks to the experience of thousands of mental rebounds in a short period of one month. The spirit zone has become stronger and the power of the main magic has also been raised to a level higher than that of Class 5.

The iron door opened and Nade, who had not been seen for days, entered. He had to walk around the school wearing an invisibility cloak, and his complexion was much worse than before.

“Sirone, training is over. Time to rehearse.”

Nade, who knew that Sirone's goal was too high, deliberately did not ask about his achievements. Shirone, who was pouring out sweat, threw her cogwheel time watch. Receiving it, Nade's eyes widened. 10 minutes 32 seconds. It was a startling number.

"you… … . Did you really do it?”

Sirone raised her thumb and said with a smile.

"Achieve the goal. Let’s heat it up.”

* * *

Alpheas Magic School 7th Lecture Hall.

The presentation was at 5:00 pm, but from an hour before, the lecture hall was full of people. Rumors spread and spread, and most of the students gathered to observe the presentation of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society.

"wow! A lot of people. I also heard the name of the research group for the first time. After all, stars are different, right?”

I admired the line that Seriel had lined up. Since she had been promoted to the senior class after Sirone's speed gun test was over, she didn't know much about her research society. & nbsp;

Amy also had a look of surprise. It was a great thing that Class Five, especially a study group with only three members, could attract so many people.

“You must have had a lot of accidents. In any case, it was a box office success.”

“I didn’t know that Shirone would be friends with Iruki. When you live and die, look at when you die now and you can’t live.”

As the two stood in line, the advanced class students became agitated. It was the seniors of the graduating class who came. The badge of Class 3 on the collar, but even seeing it, the eyes of awe turned on.

"and. This is Amy senior. Is such a crappy presentation something that seniors in the graduating class are going to watch?”

“You fool. Sirone's boyfriend is Amy-senpai. Even Seriel sunbaenim always stuck with me when I was in the advanced class.”

“It is, but… … Then, who are the seniors over there?”

The attention of the students was focused on one place. Amy and Seriel also looked back and looked surprised.

"oh? Amy, look over there. Is Caden here?"

Cayden from Class Two had his hands in his pockets. Richard of Alchemy around. Electric Monster Licorn. There were many talented people of Class Two, a holy name for the advanced class children, such as Sona's Hercy.

---------------------------------------