[184] 4. Reversal of the Law (5)

But when I thought about it, the howling wasn't the problem. I had never seen magic that turned into a huge flash and flew into the sky.

“How did you do it? Who are those?”

Two experts in pursuit started chasing the trail of Sirone and the others. One snorted like his dog, the other had his head raised to the sky and his tongue pulled out.

A man using his sense of smell declared surrender.

“Captain, the wind is blocked. I can't chase you.”

The man who uses his sense of taste endured a little longer. He lowered his tongue to the tip of his chin and returned his white eyes to normal.

“It is caught by the taste buds. It is over there.”

The captain got on his horse when the second party arrived. Then he turned in the direction the olfactory expert had pointed and said.

“I just got over a wall anyway! Didn't get far! Pursue!”

“Kirya ya ya ya!”

The pursuers went back the way they had come, groaning.

1 minute after that.

Sirone and the others rode the flash and came down to their original place.

It was Sirone's proposal to use Kergo's search ability against her.

The smell is already permeated here, so it is impossible to search. Therefore, they will come back after checking all points.

Gardlock was supported by Clove again. Then he pointed to a crevice deep in the valley and said,

“Thank you for being alive. We won't be seeing each other for a while. let's go this way There will be a way.”

Amy asked incredulously.

“Where the heck is Nord’s resting place? How much further do we have to go?”

“That is what I want to ask. How do you handle light magic freely? Are you extracting it from the air?”

“We don't use that method. Why is that all of a sudden?”

“To move to Norr's shelter, we need a place where the light gathers. It's similar to the magic you cast, but it can fly farther. Anyway, trust me and follow me. There is a Shining Spot if you go a little further.”

Perhaps the magic Gadlock was talking about was space movement. It seemed to be a way to borrow the power of photons from the place where the light converges and fly to Norr's shelter all at once.

It's a good choice. In this way, even if the pursuer kills the guide, Nord's resting place will not be open to the public.

The mindset of the Norse was decidedly wizard-like. where such people gather. What kind of place is Nor's shelter?

With a little excitement, Sirone passed through the gap in the valley to the other side.

@

“Where are you hiding?”

The captain of the pursuit party was serious. I had been looking around for 20 minutes, but I couldn't find their smell.

A group of scouts came riding on horseback. A look of failure was evident from his eyes.

"doesn't exist. I can't find any traces of entry into Maru Valley or Fan Creek.”

"shit! Missing all the catches!”

“By the way, Captain, isn’t it strange? How did you escape when fighting us? Certainly, it wasn’t even the area where the light was concentrated, as the Norse say.”

The captain was thinking about it too.

As far as he knows, there is no wizard in Norr who uses magic like that. It may be an alien species, but there are many corners similar to humans.

He, who has been hunting heresy for 400 years this year, came up with a hint from old history.

"no way… … Are you a land person?”

A sharp light shone in the captain's eyes. If it was a land man, the pursuit was not a problem.

Mecca digs into what is known, and Nord digs into what is unknown. But Kergo digs into the gods, so he was the only subject who knew all the truth.

The earth man was not a mojo. At least for Kergoin, it was a serious variable that could affect the law.

“Stop the chase. return to shaman Report first.”

Following the captain of the chasing party, the subordinates turned their horses' heads.

At that moment, a sudden vibration came from the ground.

Everyone who looked around indifferently opened their eyes wide as the vibrations gradually got stronger.

"no way… … ?”

The reason why the Norse used the valley as an intermediate base was because it was a clean area where no harm would be suffered if one avoided the law.

So this vibration was something that should never have happened. The story of whirlpool snakes appearing at the time of sunrise was an event not recorded even in history.

“The law… … It is out of sync.”

As the strong wind blew, a black curtain was drawn over the 20 people's field of view.

What followed in the absence of anything was screams and screams.

As time passed, their cries faded away.

The darkness lifted, and the sun came down and illuminated the cold valley. Thousands of flesh were floating on the red stream.

@

“Sharmain?”

When Sirone made a puzzled expression, Kanya realized that she had shortened her words and added an explanation. Meeting people outside of heaven for the first time sometimes forgets that they are from an earthly country.

“Even in heaven, it is the area where subjects live. It is also called the first thousand.”

“The first thousand. Is it the first sky?”

Gardlock answered that question. As a heretic, he was less burdened than Kanya in explaining heaven.

“Heaven is divided into 7 divisions from the 1st to the 7th heaven. Among them, the place where the subjects live is called Sharmain.”

Sirone recalled the scenery he had seen from the sky.

Six districts divided like a pie inside a huge circular castle wall, and another district nestled in the middle.

The 7 heavens Gadrak said was what he meant.

“Are all races living together in Sharmain?”

"yes. The living area is different, but living in the first thousand is the same. Kergo also behaves calmly. Because subjects are basically protected by the law. But purgatory is an extraterrestrial priesthood. So the laws of heaven do not apply. It is not easy to survive here.”

“How many tribes live here?”

“Including purgatory, there is no number. There are many creatures that do not know where they came from because they are called extraterrestrial species. The solitary demons you said you dealt with are also alien species. However, there are still only three races of subjects who keep the divine law. Because the pros and cons are different, we join forces to form the foundation of heaven. Norr likes to explore, and Mecca likes to explore.”

“Then what does Kergo like?”

The corner of Gardrak's mouth went up.

“They like God.”

“Gadrak! Such blasphemous words!”

Kanya fired back, but Guardlock didn't care.

From the moment he decided to become a heretic, there was no law governing him anywhere. He gained a painful life as the price of abandoning God, but that was also his own will.

“Kergoin likes to fight. Their job is to hunt. That's why they are the only race allowed to enter Purgatory. Of course, the parties seem to be interpreting it strangely, but it is.”

This time, Kanya had no choice but to agree.

“It’s a race I really don’t like. Just because they use their giant abilities doesn't make them giants. It annoys me to see you impersonate a law-keeper.”

“But what is the law?”

When I first heard the word law, I interpreted it as I knew, but as time passed, it seemed to be used with a different meaning from the original world.

Kanya asked with a puzzled expression.

“You don’t know what the law is? Are there no laws in the kingdoms of the earth?”

“No, there is, but do you really have to protect it?”

"of course. Law is the will of the great Ra. Those who oppose that will cannot exist. That's why it's called the law.”

Sirone spread both hands as if frustrated.

“But aren’t we breaking the law now?”

Kanya seemed to be more frustrated.

“That's why you're being treated like this in Purgatory! Why can't you understand what I'm talking about! Would you like to live your whole life in a place like this?”

Clove responded at the demeaning words of Purgatory.

“Hey, what else can I not buy? Much better than living your whole life in such a confined space.”

“Oh, so? Then where do you live well? Being hunted for heresy by Kergo all my life.”

The moment Clove was about to shoot, Guardlock opened his mouth.

"Things like that happen, too. Anyway, we are the ones who broke the law. So he was banished to purgatory, but how is it? At least we got our freedom.”

“Why is that freedom? It's just horror. The fear of not knowing when to die.”

“You never know when you will die. Still, I have the right to die. Wouldn't that be okay?"

Kanya's expression hardened.

Subjects were said to gain eternal life, but death was a sensitive issue nonetheless. In particular, the fact that the word “right to die” came out of the mouth of a heretic was a mockery of heaven.

Kanya couldn't hold back her anger and fired at her.

“If you are a subject, shouldn’t you obey the law? Are you saying that your life will be better if you wrap it up with words like freedom and the right to die? This is why I don’t like Norr.”

Lena dried up.

“Stop it, sister. Even if you fight heresy, the result will be the same.”

Kanya knew too. I couldn't communicate with them, who stood at the symmetrical point based on the law.

However, Gadlock was thinking of putting an end to it while the fight had already taken place. During his long life in purgatory, he too had accumulated a lot.

“Do you really think so? Do you think you are right?”

"of course! we are different! The reason I went to Purgatory is because I don't use elixirs in Heaven. As long as I get the goods, I will return to Sharmain and live happily there for the rest of my life under the protection of the gods!”

“You don’t have to wrap it that way. Aren’t you just a creature thirsting for eternal life?”

There was life in Kanya's eyes.

Until now, the reason I stayed quiet despite the disrespectful conversation was because there was an acceptable line. However, Gadlock had just crossed that line.

“You, no matter how heretical you are, I cannot forgive you for saying such things. We can get rid of it right here.”

“Sister, don’t.”

Kanya shook off her brother's hand and took out the arc. But her guard lock only looked at her calmly, in a sense, with her sympathetic eyes.

“Then why did you come to see me? No, what are you trying to get from Norr's Shelter?”

Kanya's shoulders twitched while aiming the arc.

“It’s obvious even if you don’t say it. Sooner or later, someone in your family will be receiving anecdotal liquor, right? That's why you came here to buy Nord's medicine.”

Ark's aiming point shook. If you release the handle at this distance, there is no way to block the projectile. But she couldn't shoot. Tears flowed uncontrollably from her.

“What, what’s wrong? What's wrong with thinking of your parents! This has nothing to do with the law! i just... … Just my mother... … !”

Since men in the sky are also weak to women's tears, Gadrak's emotions softened. At one time he too was a subject. That's why he knew better than anyone how Kanya was feeling.

Lena hugged her sister and said to Gardlock.

"sorry. Sister... … .”

"know. You don't have to apologize to Ethan. Meccans have strong family ties. I must have been unreasonably excited. It's all because of this wound."

Gadlock shyly examined the wound on his stomach. Only his muscles were cut, but his organs were unharmed. The problem was the amount of bleeding, which was not severe, but the bleeding was not being stopped.

Gadlock turned around and said.

"don't worry. Norse don't put emotions on things, so you'll get what you want. But you'll need quite a bit of elixir. The sales skills of the Norse are excellent.”

Kanya said courageously, wiping away her tears.

“Hey, don’t worry about that. I’ve saved enough for a year.”

A sad smile crept across Gardlock's mouth as he moved away.

Sirone, who watched their conversation, felt depressed. Many of the words were unfamiliar and the motive for the explosion was unclear, but this place was also not a place where absolute values ​​dominated.

What is anecdotal alcohol? Is Ra really a god? Is this heaven or just another world?

When this journey is over, will we be able to return with all the answers?

---------------------------------------