[727] Face Off (4)

As the time of 1 second was repeated, the lucky slot began to change into a new card.

'I have to make quick decisions.'

I couldn't play roulette forever because I had time to think.

'It's more difficult than Scrumble Royale.'

At that time, you only had to draw one from black and white, but there were much more types of cards in white black.

'You only get one chance.'

Even if CPR came out, everything went to waste when he was caught up in the inertia and activated the Buddha Statue Explosion.

'This is it!'

As the card's light peeled off, the two letters "PID" next to the S-rank card were blurry.

'stop! stop! stop!'

As I applied the brakes at the thought of accelerating rapidly, an electrical signal ran up my spine and hit my brain.

“Puuuuuuu!”

1 second to here.

“Oh, this can’t be… … .”

For a brief moment, all White's players saw was Sirone's cards flashing madly.

“How did you do it?”

The CPR card, steaming hot like freshly baked bread, was in Sirone's hand.

Breeze swallowed.

'It really came out.'

I didn't know what kind of magic it was, but it was clear that I could manipulate the probability.

“Now, take the remaining cards back.”

When Sirone held out the card, the four contestants flinched and looked at each other.

Even Ballard, who would normally have acted immediately, was unable to move in front of Sirone.

'I'm not just a wizard.'

Like the true meaning of the name magic, nothing seemed impossible to him.

“Distribute yourself.”

Sirone handed the card to Breeze.

“Me, me?”

He was the only person to express his gratitude when he was brought to harmonize the law on behalf of the White District.

“It's a card I don't need anyway. By the way, this CPR can be used here?”

Atria shook her head.

"I don't know either. I've only heard of it, but it's the first time I've seen it. It's not as educated as the Black Zone... … .”

Breeze intervened.

“Weapon cards have a fixed activation area. It’s probably a circle about two meters in diameter centered on the card.”

If there was no activation area, a bizarre battle would have occurred at the end of Anarchy Mountain, fighting only with cards.

"Then I'll have to go back to Kai."

When Sirone turned around, Breeze spoke.

"Can't I come too?"

While the other three contestants looked puzzled, Sirone said.

“I am Black. As long as Kai is in Black, I have no intention of changing the law. Will you have to fight me after all?”

"It's not because of the survival test. I need one more CPR. If you put off saving Kai until the end, I'll find a way. I'm going to get a card that can be duplicated somehow... … .”

Marco made an impression.

“Hey, what are you talking about? It's CPR. Besides, he's black. Do you think you would do something like that?”

“How do you know that?”

“Ugh!”

As Marco shook his head at the harsh eyes, Sirone asked Breeze again.

“Why do you need CPR?”

It was meaningless to classify people according to the law to seekers who had already realized the contradiction of white and black.

"that… … I cannot reveal it.”

Judging from the effect of the card, it must have been a matter directly related to life, but Breeze bit her lip and shook her head.

'Is this a secret to keep at the risk of one's life?'

In any case, even Sirone couldn't help her if she couldn't reveal the reason.

“I cannot accept that offer. Sorry."

Away from seeing Breeze lowering her head with a sad expression, she resolutely cast space movement.

'I can't help it. Saving Kai is the priority.'

Arriving at the place she remembered in her head, Sirone immediately looked for the tree where Kai's body was enshrined.

"what?"

The corpse had disappeared like nothing.

'It must have been here.'

If space movement had been successfully cast, there was no possibility of mistaking the location.

“Looking for Kai?”

At the voice heard in the bushes, Sirone turned around with the Photon Cannon floating.

"come out."

"for a moment! calm down! I'm not trying to fight!"

The person who appeared was a short man in his mid-thirties wearing large glasses.

'Is it the ability of the weapon card?'

Otherwise, it was not explained why it had not been searched into the Spirit Zone until now.

“I know what you are thinking.”

the man said

“My job is a detective. The special ability is latent. When I am not moving, no one can feel me.”

“… … Where is Kai?”

“I want to make a deal.”

The man pulled out a weapon card.

Windbreaker (feature).

Explanation: The better the performance, the longer the aftertaste lingers.

Effect: Sounds that occurred within 2 hours in a specific area can be reproduced.

“It's a card that's perfect for a detective. Found Kai's corpse and used a windbreaker. I heard and knew what was going on here. I also know that I contacted the contestants in the White District. You came here, did you get CPR?”

"what do you want?"

“So far we are on the same side. because it's black But you, the Seeker, never know when you will join them.”

It was now a fait accompli in White Black that the side with Sirone would win.

“So I would like to propose. Bring all of the white players' cards. Then I will hand over Kai.”

I'd like to tell them to kill them all, but pushing too hard would backfire.

“As you already know, cards have an activation area. If I don't reveal where I hid Kai... … Ugh!”

Sirone's eyes froze.

“Why should I accept that offer? Is it okay if I ask you here now?”

No weapon card could subdue Sirone.

“Well, you will have to judge well. Kai is... … .”

At the same time as Sirone's eyes widened, the man took out a weapon card.

“You fool! You will regret it!”

Old Position (consumed)

Explanation: There are times in everyone's life when they think like this. Oh, why did I do that then?

Effect: Return to the location of 1 hour ago.

“Activate! Old position!”

The man's voice echoed through the mountains.

“… … .”

The man's eyes shook in shock as he looked at the hand where the card had disappeared before he knew it.

'Uh, how?'

All I could see was a flash of light passing by.

“Not just anyone can do it.”

Looking back with a dazed expression, Sirone was waving the old position card he snatched from the man.

Snatching cards while moving by teleportation was a skill only high-ranking wizards could do.

“You have to concentrate enough to break your head. So right now I feel really bad.”

At the scariest threat Sirone could make, the man backed away with an awkward smile.

“Ahaha, that… … .”

“Kai, where are you?”

“Damn it!”

An existence that stands outside the law of white black.

That was the definition of a wizard that the man realized.

* * *

Labyrinth Andre.

In the landscape of the other side world where structures shaped like the heart of living things are connected like fruits... … .

“Whoa.”

Sirone was sitting cross-legged.

'Is it still far?'

Sirone's spirit, which had to maintain the wheel of cowardice, did not lose focus for a moment.

'I think it's been about six days.'

The moment Andre's entrance, guarded by Kido, was breached, Sirone activated the foil and disappeared into the underworld.

'Is the battle over?'

The place where he is currently staying is 10 meters underground in Andre based on the real world.

The sounds outside were indirect, as if submerged in deep water, but even that was inaudible now.

'I feel like I'm going to die of frustration.'

The feelings of the 19,000 sirones in each world cannot be known to the sirones here.

However, it was clear that certain intuitions outside the realm of logic continued to flow through the insight circuit.

'I'll go crazy if I stay like this.'

Every time complex emotions that were not clearly defined in language accumulated, the frustration intensified.

'This is the first time this has happened.'

Even when he developed God's Punishment, it wasn't this tight, and in the end, it was Sirone who pierced it.

“Is this Andrew? Surprisingly, it's nothing special.”

Hearing the voice from the ground, Sirone suddenly raised his head.

'Who is it? Is it Kido?'

When I got up from my seat and followed the uphill road of the other world to the ground, I saw people I had never seen before.

'an Asian?'

Judging from their appearance and attire, they were figures from the East, and dozens of soldiers followed behind the woman.

'It's awesome. That gait... … .'

What was felt from the eyes of a magician was a sense of distance that was indistinguishable from the woman in the lead.

“Princess, I can't feel the presence of humans. Perhaps Sirone has already explored the labyrinth?”

'I know me.'

At the words of a man who seemed to be a master at first glance, Sirone climbed the mound of the underworld.

Finally, as the field of view coincided with the ground in the real world, I was able to examine their faces in detail.

"You're stupid, Mungyeong."

It was the vocal group that pulled the space to the extreme and passed from Jessica to Andre at once.

The slow movement of Seongeum's large pupils was clearly visible even to Sirone, who was 20 meters away.

“Because it is not caught by the senses, it does not mean that it does not exist. Don't assassins also use the blind spots of their sixth sense?”

Even Mungyeong knew that Assassin was hiding his presence through equalizing his ability to assimilate objects.

However, it was an unreasonable word for a warrior who protects the human realm, the princess of the Jincheon Empire.

“Princess, that Mungyeong is not that dull.”

How many assassins are there in the world who deceive the senses of those who have been granted the three treasures by Jin Seong-eum, the strongest magician?

The voice said with tears in her eyes.

“Tell me, then. Can you tell what color my heart is now? If you get it right, I'll give you a reward.”

It was a reward he really wanted to receive, but Mungyeong could only tilt his head.

“I don’t know what you mean.”

"okay? I will show you myself.”

Seongeum turned to the front and slowly raised her hand.

“Reveal yourselves, you who dwell in your heart.”

As Seongeum's arm moved from left to right, the space of reality fell apart in a large tetrahedron shape.

“I-that… … !”

Not only Sambo, but even Ziggs, who was watching at the end, made a shocked expression.

As if looking at a cross section of a fruit, a completely new landscape unfolded in the place where the space of reality was separated.

“Who are you! Reveal your identity!”

The members of the Sambo who found Sirone simultaneously took out their swords and took a fighting stance.

But the eyes still didn't understand.

'Nonsense. How can someone over there... … .'

If the blond boy was the assassin, anyone other than Sambo would have been helpless.

“Choeni Bardo, the one who crosses the boundary between life and death.”

Jin Seong-eum grasped at once the true meaning of esoteric Buddhism contained in Sirone's technique.

“Are you Aryan Sirone?”

The voice of Seong-eum, who was more recalled than usual, shocked Mungyeong more than anything.

'The princess... … Are you nervous?'

Sirone's lips trembled slightly as he smiled.

'I see. This is the level of an ivory tower candidate.'

I didn't hear any explanation, but I was convinced just by separating reality from the space behind it.

“Genuine sound.”

It was the first face-to-face meeting between the ivory tower candidates.

---------------------------------------