[352] Prosecutor's Faith (4)

'Is that the skill of a swordsman who just turned 20?'

Quan was impressed with Lai's swordsmanship.

It is not only precise, but also exquisite. If there are two lineages descending into the Ogent family, this time, without question, was the era of black hair.

“Whoa! Whoa!”

Rian sucked in the air and supported the greatsword with his trembling arms. It was the first time he felt the weight of the greatsword he had wielded for a year except for eating.

'lift up lift it up.'

Rai's eyes twitched. The greatsword that was pressing down with the black sword was slowly rising.

'Do you still have strength?'

Since the shockwaves from the examination building went in properly, there was no way the body could be strained.

I tried to press down with a little more weight, but a force so great that I didn't even think of blocking him was pushing him away.

Receiving an ominous feeling, Rai removed his sword and widened the distance.

At the same time, Lian swung her sword and stood up. He grabbed his ragged shirt and ripped it open, revealing tight muscles.

Rai recognized Lian's characteristics at a glance.

'The resilience is amazing.'

To sublimate the divine transcendence beyond the limits of the body to the level of technology, ordinary self-tortures were inconceivable. I could guess how much painstaking training Lian had in order to increase the feedback.

“I will admit that I did my best. However, I am the one who leads the family.”

Rai returned to Lian's side through external gravity. Then he aimed at his defenseless right arm and swung his black sword.

Under normal circumstances, a defensive stance should come out.

But rather, Lian opened the ribs and raised the greatsword vertically.

'what?'

For a fleeting moment, Rai's thoughts moved quickly.

Give the flesh and take the bone? Or is offense the best defense?

In any case, it didn't make sense. The movement of the great sword is bound to be slower than that of the sharp sword.

At that moment, Lian's greatsword caused an afterimage and fell between Rai's eyebrows. It was a strange acceleration of the sword that could not be understood by common sense.

Rai bounced and caused muscle vibration. Following his external gravity, his body glided out of his radius in a semicircle.

But before I knew it, Lian's greatsword rang through the air and caught up with me.

'shit! What is it?'

Lai, who evaded with a hair's breadth, was mogul. At last, his neck was about to fall off.

Then, Reina, who was watching the battle, stomped her feet restlessly.

As the emotions of the two collided, the strength of the herb was increasing. If we go on like this, one of the brothers may hold a funeral.

“I can't! We have to end the confrontation.”

“I can't do that. Neither Lian nor Lai would want that.”

Raina looked back at Tess with a sad feeling.

“Tess, no matter how much you want to protect Lian, this isn’t it. Those two are fighting with the intention of killing them. You should have stopped Lian from the beginning.”

"I'm not fighting because I hate Lai oppa."

Tess still remembers it vividly. On the day she went to Lian's lodging with a late-night snack at the swordsmanship school, she heard a terrible moan that leaked through the door.

“Rian trained beyond her limits every day. And at night, Lian gets sick and dies. He stayed up all night with a rag in his mouth to endure the pain of breaking his body.”

Reina couldn't say anything at Tess' face, which looked like she was about to burst into tears.

Although they are related by blood, she did not know what Lian's pain was. The only people who could understand Lian were those who chose the path of the sword just like Lian.

Lai's kick hit Lian in the stomach. Up in the air, Lian rolls on the floor and balances him on his knees. He was on the verge of being hit by a vital point.

The cold aura had disappeared from Rai's face.

As time passed, I could feel Lian's defenses getting stronger. Because he is caught up in his emotions. It was distasteful.

"you idiot! Why don't you know you can't compete! I mean, even come in moderation!”

Ryan stood up slowly. And he aimed his lie in the same position he had before he collapsed.

“Come on.”

“This kid is really… … !”

A life welled up in Rai's eyes. The ominous aura that radiated out of the body was transmitted to the people standing outside the training ground.

Rai's movements with all his might seemed like seeing a ghost. As the scars on Lian's body increased due to his fast and accurate swordsmanship, his movements gradually began to slow down.

The difference in skill is palpable. There is a talent gap that cannot be filled no matter how hard you try. However, the more the gap became clearer, the more angry it was Lai.

The family who put their expectations on such a pathetic bastard was stupid. Ryan has no future. Swordsmanship not supported by technology is nothing more than a show of strength.

“You stupid child!”

When he deflected the greatsword with exquisite skill and applied a round kick, Lian's neck turned like a top.

For a moment, I thought I had broken my neck, but my body rotated along my head and floated up, then I crashed with a thud.

Rai took a deep breath and glared at Lian. Even the appearance she spread was pathetic. With the blow to her chin, she probably won't be conscious until tomorrow.

"haha."

At that moment, Lian's lungs trembled. Lian, who slowly raised her head, said with her mouth torn.

“It's a ticklish attack. Can you kill me with something like this?”

Rai was taken aback by Lian's tenacity, who would rise like a zombie no matter how beaten he was. But then she looked at her sister with a pitiful look, and she said coldly.

“Kill? Are you worth killing?”

Ryan's eyes widened.

“You have to kill your grandfather’s cute youngest grandson to use it. There's no need to kill someone like you. I just need to beat him until he loses his mind. Got it? You're just the youngest member of a swordsman family with no skills or talent. It's a low-key backbone, you bastard!"

"okay!"

Lian screamed, crouching down.

“I am a low-key retard!”

Lian charged forward, brandishing his sword. It was an attack that made me want to approach it just by hearing the sound of the wind, unless it was a strong heart.

Rai hurriedly raised the black sword. bang! As the greatsword came down, the shock was transmitted to his knee.

Lian pressed his face into the sword.

Seeing that his mouth was torn all the way down to his ear, Rai thought that maybe his brother was not in his right mind.

Can we continue like this? Maybe I should call the doctor right now?

“Feel free to mock. It's something I've been hearing all my life anyway. Call him a pathetic guy, call him a lesser guy. Despise, ignore, curse. Still I... … !”

Lian drew his greatsword and took a full-swing stance.

“Never stop!”

Rai's head turned pale at the hallucination that Lian's greatsword had grown dozens of times in size. As the brain that imagined the overwhelming sword received a shock, the expected sword blades were jumbled up.

"Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

At the same time as Lian's spirited voice, Rai's eyes fell down.

'Ankle!'

Lai, who belatedly read the sword's trajectory, jumped up.

As the greatsword dug through the ground and came out on the other side, the soil as wide as the radius of the sword stood up like a floor.

A black line ran through the middle of the floor. It split in half with a popping sound, and then Rai broke through the soil and jumped out.

But what he was waiting for was another attack by Lian, who raised his greatsword.

Lai was stunned by the linked attack that ignored the existing mobility. As he stretched out his upper body like a bow, he felt a strong wind brush the tip of his chin. The hairs all over his body stood up.

“I can't hear anything! Even if everyone ridicules me, I can only move on!”

Lian pushed Lai as if to vent his resentment.

When the confrontation began and Rai was pushed back for the first time, the family and even Kuan showed embarrassment.

'Lian... … .'

Rayna's eyes turned sad.

He is a child who grew up being compared to his older brother, who was two years younger from birth. She honestly didn't feel like she could beat her rai even if she held her sword. Perhaps she herself used her music as an excuse to pass on the burden of her blue hair to Lian.

“There are many problem children in the blue-haired lineage.”

Reina licked her lips and turned to Klump.

“Black hair always does its part. Reasonable and cool. On the other hand, the character of blue hair is often erratic. He's also stubborn about single-mindedness. That's why it's said that if you have blue hair, you're lucky.”

“What are you talking about all of a sudden, even though your grandfather has blue hair?”

“Heuk, the existence of the troublemaker Cheongbal must be one of the reasons why Ogent is limited to the second class. However, looking back on the history of the family, it was Blue Hair that eventually became known as Ogent as a sword family.”

Clump looked at Lian, who was swinging his heavy sword like a storm.

“There is no detour. don't look back Even if it is bumped into and broken, the will to break through it, that is the conviction of the blue hair. I don't know how far Ryan can go. But when you finally look back from where you arrived, the road will be straight and undisturbed.”

“Goaaaaaa!”

When Lian attacked with an aggressive posture, Rai didn't even dare to cross swords.

I didn't feel like dealing with people. I couldn't get rid of the feeling that something absolute was lurking behind Lian's back.

'Divine transcendence? The power of the spirit?'

A spark lit up in Rai's eyes.

“Don’t be ridiculous!”

Rai, who bounced off his body, countered Lian's sword head-on. The greatsword and black sword swirled in the center of the line of sight and line of sight.

Rai came to his senses only after the devastating shock was transmitted through the handle. He was too agitated without realizing it.

However, the senses had already left their grasp.

'what's this? It's okay to be ignorant.'

As soon as I took the external gravity out of my back and backed up quickly, Lian jumped in like a wolf and bit Lai. As if the ball had reverse rotation, the motion of falling in front of Lai was not a normal inertia.

As the greatsword approached right in front of him, Rai twisted his ankle completely and spun. At the same time, the sole of his opposite foot slammed down on Lian's Achilles tendon.

“Keugh!”

Rai rose up at the same time as he rotated like a dragon, and lowered his black sword at the back of Lian, who was bent on one knee. Actions performed in trance. It was no longer a matter of life and death.

“Lian!”

At the same time as Tess' cry, Lian twisted her upper body.

In an abnormal posture, when he swung the greatsword with one hand, the black sword bounced and Rai's arms crossed behind his back.

"wow… … .”

An exclamation of exclamation escaped Rai's mouth without realizing it.

It was a posture that completely collapsed the center. Even so, the physical strength of being able to deflect a vertical slash carrying all of his weight with one hand.

'No, it's not on that level.'

The law of action and reaction did not apply to Lian's sword. Absolute power that defied the laws of physics was melted into each and every one of Lian's swords.

“Whoa.”

Sirone let out the breath he had been holding back. Watching Lian push Lai one-sidedly, his heart, not the prosecutor, burned hotly.

“Tess.”

Tess' face turned white with tension as she turned to Sirone.

"Rian, you've become really strong."

At Sirone's recognition, Tess eventually burst into tears. It is because he knows for whom the penance that Lian has been doing so far has been for.

Her throat was locked, and she couldn't reply, only shaking her head.

“Yaaaaa!”

Lian swung his sword even in pain as if his whole body was breaking. Now, even Rai did not back down and was repelling all of Lian's attacks.

If it transcends the limits of the body, it won't last long anyway. You only need to stop this once. No, if you block it one more time... … .

Rai was annoyed.

'shit! When will it end?'

At that moment, a thought flashed through my mind.

'ah… … .'

Rai finally realized what kind of swamp he had fallen into.

'This guy was an idiot.'

At the same time, Lian's greatsword raised the black sword.

The pain of twisting my knuckles rushed in as I heard a ding. As her muscles tightened, her hands opened, and the black sword spun up into the sky.

---------------------------------------