[262] The Truth Revealed (7)

The students who had spoken ill of Sirone whispered with pale faces.

“How did this happen? Why the hell is Sirone?”

"I don't know. Are you the first prince? Is that also from the Kazura Kingdom?”

"Ha, well, if you're as talented as Sirone, you can't be an ordinary commoner."

Everyone became a dumb who ate honey at the words of someone who hit the point.

Come to think of it, it was the correct answer.

There is no guarantee that a genius cannot be born into a commoner's family, but there is a large genetic component to talent. Most of the students also inherited genius from their parents.

They finally realized what they had been overlooking.

Just because Sirone grew up in a commoner's family, there is no guarantee that her lineage is also a commoner.

No, if the birth parents were commoners, they would not have been able to sneak in deep in the mountains and leave the child behind.

“Hey, what about this? Kazura Kingdom is an ally of our kingdom, right? Is Sirone really going to become the king of Kazura? What if they do harm to us?”

“Bah, you idiot! You're not even sure yet! There is no need to be afraid.”

“Not sure! Can't you imagine the kingdom making such a massive public announcement without any investigation? What we've been told isn't everything. After investigation after investigation, I became convinced, so Kazura sent an emissary as well.”

There was certainly a high probability of that.

It was a letter sent directly from the king, not from another place. If, of course, Sirone is not a son, it is a national disgrace.

Even so, the fact that it was publicly announced was evidence that the leadership was already more than 99% sure.

"I don't know! damn! Everything is ruined!”

Nade was happy to see his friends in tears.

Of course, just because Sirone becomes king, he is not the type to harm them.

No, if he really became a king, he wouldn't care unless he was a person with a narrower heart than millet.

However, it was also the human heart that the victim could not be relieved.

Even a first-class aristocrat lives off the rust of the country.

There are transnational families in the world, but most of them are only the king's subjects.

It was true that the back of the head was itching and the hearts were heavy as the students were placed in a situation where Sirone would become a member of the royal family.

“Answer me quickly, Sirone! It is the king's command!”

When Sirone did not give a definite answer, Ordos shouted again.

But Sirone really didn't know what decision to make.

I just had a confrontation with Dante.

It was knighted by Killin's pen and spread throughout the kingdom.

The situation that Sirone had imagined ended there.

No way, he had no idea that his real parents would come across the article and find him.

Furthermore, if the real parents were royalty, not nobles, it was rather strange that their heads were not paralyzed.

Sirone looked around for someone who could explain the current situation.

Most of the students looked bewildered, and neither Nade nor Iruki had anything to offer.

What would a friend say if biological parents were looking for a child? It was a matter of blood, and moreover, it was a matter involving the royal family.

Alpheas turned to Olivia.

I thought Killline's knight would come with an aftermath, but it was much bigger than I expected.

“It's the Kazura Kingdom. It's the best big fish out of the candidates so far.”

“That's how reliable it is. Even when I saw it, Sirone's talent is extraordinary. Maybe after reading the article, I thought that I might really be able to find my real parents, but I didn't think they were royalty... … .”

He didn't tell Sirone, but after the knights of Killline went out, some families secretly requested Sirone's identity.

Due to the nature of aristocrats who frequently engage in arranged marriages, there are surprisingly many illegitimate children.

Most of them don't even care about abandoned children, but it's a different story when it comes to the best talent in the kingdom.

It was the arrogance of an aristocrat to be sure that even if there were a few things that didn't match, it would be his child.

“Aww! Unbelievable! Sirone was a prince! This is exactly the story I was imagining! Amy, can you see I'm creepy? Look at this!”

Seriel had already left for another world.

Sirone is a prince.

Isn't this a romance that cannot be replaced by books?

"what? If so… … .”

Seriel suddenly realized and turned to Amy with a surprised expression.

“Amy! Are you going to be queen?"

"shut up! What are you talking about?”

Amy kept her mouth shut with a terrified face.

Seriel's chatter was almost at the level of noise in the already complicated situation.

Anyway, it doesn't matter whether Sirone is a member of the royal family or not. All she could do was worry about Sirone, who was confused by the circumstances of meeting her real parents.

Sirone met Amy's eyes.

Seeing Sirone with a teary expression on her face, Amy gave a pitiful look.

It's the king's order, so it has no choice but to follow.

Sirone should have known that too. He just wants to be sure that his choice is right.

Amy nodded.

Sirone stared at Amy as if asking again, and after seeing Amy's smile, she turned her head to Ordos.

“Yes, I will accept the king’s call.”

Ordos approached Sirone as if he should.

“The laws of the royal family are different from those of the nobles. Kazura Kingdom's laws are especially strict, so you'll have to be careful with your behavior. Take a leave of absence from school and bring your parents who raised you.”

"yes? Right now?”

“What can I say? It is the king's name! You better leave as soon as possible!”

Sirone's eyes darkened.

Not only had he never heard of the laws of the Kingdom of Kazura, but it was equally frustrating to suddenly have to take a leave of absence from school and return home.

Above all, I was not told what procedures awaited me upon entering the kingdom.

They won't tell you if you ask, but shouldn't you still make mistakes if you know the basics?

"excuse me… … If you give me a little time... … !”

“Ugh! yes man! Are you disobeying the king's order!"

Sirone kept her mouth shut.

What was most disappointing was Ordos' attitude.

As the kingdom's administrative officer, the high-handed part can be tolerated.

What really broke Sirone's heart was the king's name written on the scroll.

If you are a biological parent... … I thought I shouldn't call a child I neglected for 18 years in this way.

I don't even want to say I'm sorry, but at least if I feel remorse, shouldn't I make accommodations?

Even for the sake of their parents who raised themselves on their behalf.

Alpheas stabbed Olivia in the side.

“You will help me this time too. I can't do anything with that.”

"hmm… … .”

Olivia was also thinking of stepping out if necessary.

The reason Kazura Kingdom is stricter than Tormia is that it has only been 100 years since independence.

Even so, Ordos' attitude was too harsh for someone who came to pick up his own child.

Perhaps it was not an order from the royal family.

It was expected that he would have been ordered to accommodate Sirone as much as possible, so it was only possible to see that Ordos's personality was originally like that.

His strict personality would be helpful in his work, but to treat Sirone, who might soon become a prince, was upright in a good way and arrogant in a bad way.

“Then give me at least one day. Your parents don't know anything. It takes at least a day to convince.”

Ordos' face turned red.

Of course, he was a famous official with a bad temper, but he was not so stubborn in his own country.

However, this place was Tormia, a rival country called an ally, and it was a magic school watched by nobles.

If the spirit is suppressed, the reputation of the Kazura Kingdom will fall.

Unfortunately for Sirone, Ordos was only doing his best for his country.

Besides, Sirone's parents are commoners.

If it took a while to take a commoner, as if he were an aristocrat, his pride would be hurt as well.

“It is not allowed. The king's command is absolute! So right now... … !”

At that moment, someone's voice was heard from the front door.

“We have already secured the identity of Sirone's parents.”

As the crowd parted as the students turned around, Sirone's eyes widened.

An unexpected person was walking by.

The students fell in love with her beauty before even wondering about her identity.

A small face with a slender body. Her features were cool and clear, and her hair as blue as the sea flowed down and down along the perm.

“Wow, it’s pretty. Who is it?"

"uh? i know that person He’s a very famous musician in the kingdom.”

Sirone stared blankly at her.

It was Rian's older sister, Ogent Raina.

Next to him, the sub-butler Temuran stood with a fierce gaze.

Reina made eye contact with Sirone, but ignored her and walked straight to Ordos.

“Hello, Mr. Ordos. Fame is familiar.”

Ordos didn't like it when there was a setback at work.

However, Reina's appearance as well as her demeanor had a distinctive aristocratic smell, so she couldn't raise her voice.

“Who are you?”

“My name is Reina of the Ogent family. I came as the agent of the head of the family, August Bischoff, and as the legal representative of Sirone.”

The Ogent family had a good reputation, so they knew Ordos by name.

Moreover, if he was the head of the household, he couldn't show the same cold-hearted attitude as before.

“Okay. Then, let's discuss the process of handing over Sirone. first of all… … .”

"first of all."

Reina intercepted her words.

“We ask for a three-day preparation period. Sirone is an invited guest of the kingdom and has not yet learned anything about Khazra's laws. Louis, the butler of the Ogent family, departed for Kazura yesterday. There will be no wasted time discussing the entry process. In the meantime, we will teach Sirone the manners of Kazura. Also, from now on, all work related to Sirone should be done through the dedicated team of the Ogent family.”

“Hmm.”

Ordos was lost in thought.

He tried to use personal measures to quickly secure Sirone's safety, but since an agent appeared, the means of suppressing him with authority were useless. From now on, we turn to foreign affairs.

Anyway, since the Ogent family said they would prepare, it was right for him to go back and discuss the administrative part with a man named Louis.

“Okay. So let's leave this job to you. If anything happens, I'll make arrangements here with my sergeant, Daltos. I will go back to Khazra and deliver your words.”

"Okay, then I'll see you at the castle."

After the customary greeting, Ordos climbed into the carriage.

Just like when they came, the knights turned around in a grandiose motion and escorted the wagon away.

Sirone was dumbfounded at the situation that passed by in an instant. Then, when he saw Raina, tears welled up in her sorrow.

Reina's appearance came as a relief to him, who was completely unconscious from Ordos' threats.

“Sister Reina… … .”

Sirone called, but Reina was still discussing with Temuran with a serious face.

As she pointed to the papers and gave instructions, Temuran nodded and backed off.

Reina then turned around and approached Sirone.

As the distance got closer, the businesslike expression faded and the original beautiful smile came to mind.

After winking at Sirone, Reina said in her characteristic cheerful voice.

“It’s been a while, Sirone. how have you been doing?"

Ogent Family Circumstances (1)

Four days before Ordos came to visit Sirone, Reina visited the Kaizen swordsmanship school that Rian attended.

He was holding a crumpled midterm exam report card in his hand and his face was full of anger.

After going through the interview procedures, Reina went straight to the principal's office and finally found him.

It was Kuan, Lian's exclusive teacher.

Before she was wounded, she had made a name for herself on the battlefield, but it didn't matter to her now.

Does it make sense that Lian is last?

After playing to the fullest on Galliant Island, they said that they had made great progress in swordsmanship, so I was really looking forward to it, but the school's evaluation was undoubtedly a failure.

---------------------------------------