[103] Geumgangseung (3)

Amira, who stood at the forefront, encouraged the students.

“The school needs to announce the whole story of this incident. Only prosecuting Principal Alpheas can ensure the future of the Magic School!”

“Right! Alpheas resign! Proceed with Sirone's funeral!”

Their shouts passed through the window of the infirmary and reached Amy's ears. Then the door burst open and Seriel came in. 

“Amy, it’s a big deal!”

"What happened? Why are they suddenly like that?"

It was natural for Amy to be upset. Just as she thought it was near the end of the student meeting, she suddenly gathered and she was torched to hold Sirone's funeral.

“The seniors are doing their best and trying to accuse the principal. I thought I could protect Sirone, but Fermi's bastard made a fuss... … .”

Amy could see the situation without looking. If it was Fermi, it would have been enough. In the end, the student council seemed to have caught up with the resignation of the principal. But I couldn't blame them for being unkind. If the head of the school had a moral flaw, it was also a good thing for the future to rob it.

But it was too extreme. That's why Fermi's behavior annoyed me. It was the teachers' lukewarm response that sparked the anger of the student council, but in the end it was Fermi who set fire to the fuse.

“Bad child. While he himself lived thanks to Sirone.”

“What now, Amy?”

said Amy, biting her nails.

“What can I do? You have to hold on.”

Alpheas said to watch Sirone for a while. It was a miracle that he, the general manager of this case, persuaded the teachers.

Nade, who was looking out the window, looked back at Iruki and shot at him.

“Are you satisfied now? There's a group of kids who think the same as you. Shouldn't you be with me too?"

“Will you do that if you want?”

Iruki also accepted without losing. After the fight that day, the two of them were still awkward.

Seriel frowned and said.

“Stop it. There's nothing wrong with us fighting each other. Now is the time to join forces.”

“Sheesh! Iruki Do you think this bastard will join forces? It's like a guy with no blood or tears.”

“Stop it. And Iruki, you are also self-respecting. Things got really serious. You don't know how a word can change public opinion, so I'm here for the time being.”

“I have no intention of leaving anyway.”

Iruki buried his face in the table and was lost in thought. It had already been the fifth day since Sirone died. It was coming much later than his own expectations.

'If the student council moved, the teachers wouldn't be able to hold on for long either. About 48 hours from now... … .'

The atmosphere in the infirmary rapidly cooled. Everyone was suffering from this situation and was overly sensitive.

Amy stroked Sirone's forehead. Her common sense had to assume that she was dead. But is the current situation that holds on to her hope really normal?

'Please, please come back, sirone... … .'

Amy was unsure of Sirone's survival. But now, five days after the heart stopped, the realm of certainty had already passed. From now on, it was the realm of faith.

* * *

The woman looked closely at the red light emanating from Sirone's body. The principle of emitting high energy and vibrating particles would destroy any object.

“Sirone, don’t do this. The magic is so destructive. It doesn't match your disposition.”

“I don’t want to fight either. But you intend to keep me tied up here. It can't be. I have to go back.”

“Do you think you can win against me?”

Sirone shook her head. It was an honest feeling. Even though he was a being of the same dimension, he was a person with such strong ability that he called himself a god. No matter how bad he was, he had to be regarded as a higher level than Arcane.

Who the hell is this woman? And where is this place?

Sirone stopped thinking. At least he wasn't where he was supposed to be.

“Teach me how to return to the original world.”

“Even if you teach me, there is no way it will be possible. It is an act that will drive you to death again.”

“Even so, I think you should try.”

The woman was not afraid of Sirone's magic. However, the power of the laser was not to be underestimated. The destruction of this world had to be prevented at all costs.

"great. I will do as you please. But promise me. If you return without being able to return to the original world, then please follow my will.”

“How do I get back?”

“I can't give up any more. Will you still do it?”

I don't know how terrifying the difficulties are, but Sirone's thoughts haven't changed.

"great. But I will never give up.”

“Your life is yours. Use it however you like.”

The woman made a glass ball in front of Sirone's eyes. Dark darkness was rotating inside. 

“Sirone. In order to return to the original world, you have to go through the reverse process of coming here.”

"okay."

“It's not an easy thing to think about. It is a process of returning from a pure spirit to a human being. Human beings are a collection of all sorts of unpleasant elements. If you don't accept this, you will eventually change into a strange existence that is neither human nor anything.”

The woman was convinced of Sirone's failure.

“The darkness you see now is a spot that penetrates space and time. Commonly referred to as a black hole. You can return to the original world through this place.”

As the glass sphere disappeared, a huge darkness was born in front of Sirone.

“What can I do?”

“It's simple. You can go in. It is a spot that is connected to your body.”

"thank you. I will not forget Grace.”

Sirone was sincere. She was hijacked, but if it weren't for her, she wouldn't have had a chance to return to her original world.

“Don’t be quick to thank me. Because I never thought you'd be successful. If you want to give up, just walk this way again.”

Will that ever happen? If he died, he would die and he would never come back, but since it was something he hadn't experienced yet, Sirone didn't make any conclusions in advance.

“Then I will go.”

The woman said, squinting her eyes as if she were sleepy.

“Have a good trip.”

Sirone took the first step into the sphere. He felt the same way as when he first entered the spot. As expected, Sirone couldn't find an exit. No matter how far he moved, nothing changed.

Sirone, who inadvertently turned around, was startled. She was looking this way as the woman was still sleepy with her eyes. Time is not passing. It is trapped in the horizon of events that only occur in extreme gravity.

'I can't escape. It is absolutely impossible to escape from this place.'

Sirone finally understood what the woman was saying. There was nothing he could do in a place where even time couldn't escape.

As clever as he was, he was quick to face reality. Sirone turned around with a miserable heart. she has to go back to her Shouldn't she at least live in the presence of people rather than be locked in darkness forever?

'for a moment. perhaps… … .'

Sirone suddenly stopped walking. Time is forever caught on the horizon of events. But he had the ability to generate time. It was photonization magic.

Quasi-subluminous, subluminous, superluminous, superluminous.

The speed that the photon wizard classifies was four. According to Sirone's calculations, to pass through the event horizon, a speed faster than light was required.

'Superlight... … Is it really possible?'

Sirone's level is at most sub-light speed. It seemed possible to reach sub-light speed with the addition of God's particles, but even so, it fell far short of super-light speed.

'Let's think about it.'

Time was not an issue as a method was found. After struggling for a long time, his eyes changed. can do. Now, without a body, it might be possible to reach super light speed.

'Immortal function.'

Even at the speed of light, you cannot travel across the vast universe. However, the speed of infinite expansion is instantaneous. Perhaps the immortal function was the key to reaching superlight speed.

In any case, going back was the priority. Sirone took a deep breath and opened the immortal function at the same time as casting photonization magic.

The effect appeared immediately. The tremors accelerating at quasi-sub-light speed, sub-light speed, and light speed were transmitted strong enough to collapse the Spirit Zone.

“Ughhhh… … !”

However, it did not reach the speed of light. It was impossible to cast magic through batteries unless the mind understood that it was faster than time. All that was left was the complete opening of Immortal Function. It is an unknown world that may disappear again, but he expanded his consciousness to the whole without delay.

The shape that made up the sirone exploded and disintegrated into fine particles. At last something faster than light crossed the horizon of events and began to run toward the light.

'done!'

Sirone was still conscious. Even if he fully opened the immortal function, no particles were disturbed within the black hole. The exit was visible in the distance. There, his body was waiting.

'Goes! I'm finally going!'

Then all of a sudden it started to slow down. Particles of unknown meaning stuck between Sirone's particles. The particles combined to create meaning and acted like voices, disturbing Sirone's mind.

-feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding.

-breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding.

In Sirone's eyes, which grew heavier and heavier, he saw that the exit was getting farther and farther away. As the particles are complexly entangled, the simple meaning has evolved into a higher-order meaning. 

-Ah, a birth. It is the lowest being.

- I don't want to die. mortal life.

Sirone realized that it was the process of becoming the human that the woman had talked about. A being thrown into the world with desire and fear at the same time.

Could it be that all human beings have heard this voice in their mother's womb?

“Don’t lose! I will definitely go back!”

-Where? There is nowhere to welcome you.

“To my world! Where friends are waiting!”

-They will kill you. It will interfere with feeding and reproduction. What awaits you is a collision of desires, a painful struggle, and a journey of death that must arrive.

“Aaaaaa! I can't hear anything! No words can stop me!”

Sirone desperately shouted. However, as the combination progressed, the drifting sound grew louder.

Humans were, after all, beings made up of countless sounds. As if the soloist was buried in the chorus, Sirone eventually lost his voice.

-feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding.

-breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding.

* * *

The 7th day of Sirone's death.

The student council was still holding a sit-in. To be precise, they were radical figures who followed Amira.

In response, conservative students blocked the entrance and blocked entry. Factions split on the centrist side as well, eventually doubling the total number of protesters.

Most of the students in the school gathered in front of the building, and the protests day and night made the friends guarding Sirone nervous.

"Perform Sirone's funeral!"

“Execute! Execute!”

“Alpheas must be judged by the Magic Association!”

“Take it! Take it!”

Seriel covered her ears. He closed the windows, so the sound wasn't loud, but he couldn't hear it anymore.

“Isn’t that really too much? Why do you keep worrying about not being able to eat Sirone?”

At Seriel's words, Amy, who was dozing with her face buried in the cot, raised her head.

“They must have their own position. Even the kids who normally hate Sirone would have participated.”

“Is it Sirone’s fault that Sirone is proud? They have a narrow stomach.”

“All humans are like that. If there are people who acknowledge Sirone, there are bound to be people who reject her.”

---------------------------------------