[454] The Beginning of Change (6)

Flash! When about 10 people cast teleportation at the same time, the son-in-law became bright like daytime for a while.

'Runaway evolution!'

Beam's insect magic, Kragus, attacked Gaold.

The basic body type is a praying mantis, and the height is 2 meters. It was a murder weapon with the characteristics of as many as 11 poisonous insects.

Woo woo!

Following the gas grenade, flames exploded and saliva stained with various deadly poisons flew out.

Because Rose's pheromone was spread, the power soared several times, and the crowd control type of black of the trapping technique cast a petrification spell on Gaold's leg.

The cursed magic Influenza was given to Gaold, and the Rider of Iron Wall hit a barrier in all radius that Gaold could move.

Cragers' killing gas filled the confined space, obscuring his vision.

Gaold probably didn't think there was anyone else in the toxic gas chamber other than himself.

The main character was Benifis, a meat addict.

'Only once, just one bite.'

Benifis' flesh began to rot.

His liver was already poisoned and he wouldn't live another 20 minutes, but he was the only one on the team capable of avoiding the wizard's synesthesia.

'Show me your skills quickly, you damn bastard.'

Once the magic is cast, it becomes a phenomenon and affects the caster.

But why is Gaold safe from the air press?

It was because he was casting magic outside of his range, and it was that moment that Benifis was aiming for.

“Hehehe, the blood boils after a while?”

At the same time as Gaold's voice was heard, the overwhelming atmospheric pressure pressed down on the entire space.

Kieh Aeg!

Cragus exploded flat and even the gas hit the ground.

Benifis lunged behind Gaold's shoulder in the landscape, which had been cleaned as if frosted glass had been cleaned.

'Now!'

Knock! The moment the teeth were driven into the shoulder, the remaining 20 people moved at the same time.

'eat!'

At that moment, the corners of Gaold's mouth went up to his ears.

“Ouch!”

Crunchy!

Regardless of his will, Benifis' jaw closed all the way. And before the bitten flesh could go down his throat, the lower part of his neck spun rapidly.

Wooded Deuk! puck!

The body fell apart, leaving only Benifis' face on Gaold's shoulder.

Grabbing the bald head, Gaold ripped off his face with all his flesh and threw it to the ground.

"1 person."

In a landscape filled with only afterimages, Gaold raised his lips wickedly.

Cage B remaining, 20 people.

* * *

“Gaold… … .”

Sein continued.

“He was one of the gentlest, most stupid people I've ever known. He was gentle by nature. He was born with the York religion, but he would have been the same even if he hadn't.”

Religion does not represent human nature.

Sirone knew many people who persecuted humans in the name of religion.

“Gaold liked flowers.”

“Foot!”

Flew burst into laughter impatiently.

“Oh, sorry.”

“I loved tending flower beds. When my senior year grades were bad, I would go to the flower bed and plant flowers.”

Kang Nan's eyes grew dark.

I don't know Gaold from my school days, but she had many memories too.

Sein's gaze turned to the night sky.

“The only thing worth acknowledging was his foolishly honest stubbornness. Even though he was in his graduating class at magic school, he never used offensive magic.”

“Gaold defeated. 3 points deduction. Sein wins. 3 more points.”

After the interpersonal battle, which could be called the flower of the senior year, Gaold grinded his teeth.

Sein looked really funny.

To be honest, I'm not good at magic. At least, the ones that use it well are the Air series, which can be said to be the basics of omnipotence.

In such a situation, who can defeat anyone who is only defending with non-combat magic?

“You don’t have to feel sorry. Even if you cast attack magic, you wouldn't be my opponent."

“Hey, I’m not angry because I lost. It's lamentable that I couldn't prove my faith.”

Sein let out a sigh.

Gaold's best magic is air press. To put it bluntly, it was not even a technology, it was just a technology to protect oneself by increasing the atmospheric pressure.

If you hold out for 10 minutes like that, it's a draw.

That was the only victory Gaold wanted.

'That's stupid. There are people who want to win by any means and methods.'

Gaold will not graduate.

Because it was the height of the illogical way of thinking that people hate the most in the world.

Then one day.

"hi? long time no see. Are you still good today?”

In the midst of a religious dispute with Gaold, Maze approached.

The unexpected incident on the first day inspired the three of them to hang out often in the senior class.

All three of them were human figures that were not often seen, but they achieved a strange golden balance even in the midst of danger.

However, in recent years, Miro has often taken a break from school.

It wasn't against the rules, but it was frustrating for the world to know what he was doing.

“Are you good? Am I with this bastard?”

While Sein was annoyed, Gaold greeted her with a smile on his face.

"hi? Where have you been this time?”

“Oh, I’ve been a bit busy. Being called all over the place.”

Miro's skin was tanned.

Since the sun was not yet strong, Sein guessed that she had gone out of Tormia.

"haha! Yeah, that must have been fun.”

Gaold just liked the maze.

What I learned after getting to know Miro was that she had a much greater talent than he thought.

In last year's survival test, the first person in school history to break through level 7.

But what I really liked about her was her open mind.

"Oh yeah. Miro, listen to me. Is it really strange logic that God knows love?”

“God knows no love. Love is a very human emotion. If there is a God, it must be a being with completely different feelings and thoughts than we know.”

Gaold did not lose either.

“Even if so, it does not meet the standards of God as defined by you. God is a perfect being, and that's why he can handle human emotions. Therefore, it is only natural that God knows love.”

Gaold looked back at the maze.

"What do you think?"

Miro did not answer for a long time.

It was an unexpected situation for Gaold, who thought that she would naturally take sides with her infinitely free thinking.

“Gaold, there is no God.”

“… … what?"

“God doesn't exist. Everything is determined by the dimension. The phases are divided within the dimensional algorithm.”

Sein also felt strange.

For it was the first time she had ever judged anything, especially something metaphysical like this.

"What are you talking about!"

Gaold felt betrayed.

Even if everyone denies God, Miro shouldn't be like that.

because… … .

“Dimensions decide? Miro, you didn't even open all the dimensions. But how can you say such a thing?”

Miro laughed bitterly.

It was only a little later that I assumed that she had met the Guffin around this time.

"okay! It's something no one knows! sorry. Let's stop talking about this and eat. I'm hungry. Can someone buy me food?"

"it's okay! I will go back.”

When Gaold, who was not relieved of his anger, avoided the seat, Miro pursed his lips.

“What, are you mad? Anyway, be timid.”

It's good to have a good heart, but the problem is that you have a narrow mind.

It must be because she has a soft heart, but from Miro's point of view, she felt sorry for nothing and was not in a good mood.

“Hey, you.”

Sein said.

“I like you for the first time.”

Miro sighed and opened his eyes.

Like any other school, the infamous survival test day came to Alpheas Magic School.

Thirty seniors were split into teams, and the ratio was 29 to 1. Last year the maze passed level 7, so it was no surprise that they were thinking of breaking even.

What really surprised me was Gaold, who gave up even the best of it.

Seeing Gaold stand up for the red team in a dignified way, Sain was annoyed just by looking at him.

Of course, I was thinking that Gaold would be able to stand out in the survival test.

Because he is a sincere religious person, and at least his patience is acknowledged by the world.

But there are situations where patience doesn't work.

There was no student who could catch up to the level of the labyrinth that even the kingdom pros already recognized.

“Gaold, are you really okay?”

A few students expressed concern.

His skills were so lacking that he couldn't be called a rival, but on the other hand, he had a good personality, so he was doing his own favor, but Gaold was adamant.

"Hmph, I'll never be on the same side with someone who changes words like a bat."

Receiving Gaold's stinging gaze, Miro smiled broadly.

“Ho-ho-ho! Alright, I'll show you the spiciness of this genius girl.”

“Profit!”

Gaold gritted his teeth.

Even though he had wounded people's hearts, he was so proud of himself that he hated him to the point of death.

That's how the survival test began, and the cruel hell unfolded step by step.

While those who bounced out of the Virtual Zone appeared one after another, they passed the near-death and entered the 5th stage.

When he brought up the story of being kicked out of the 5th stage 'torture' to Sirone and the others, Sein hesitated for a moment.

However, Sirone thought that the mere fact that a logic-focused Servant had passed the edge of death meant that he had seen the potential of Equilibrium, which manipulates both emotion and reason at the same time.

And Gaold... … Surprisingly, he entered the 6th stage 'Super Fever'. It was an achievement that even the senior students couldn't believe.

“God, save everyone by sacrificing this lamb. Love to the world, peace.”

In the inferno, Gaold knelt and prayed with his pods on.

Terrible heat seeped through his teeth, and juices flowed from his eyes, not tears, but the prayers showed no signs of stopping.

can't lose

It was unacceptable for him to give in in a survival test he participated in in the name of God.

Teachers watching with vision broke out in a cold sweat.

In reality, Gaold's physical condition was strange. He couldn't understand how he could hold on when a normal person should already be out of his mind.

“Stop giving up, Gaold. You really die like this.”

Miro said in a calm tone.

Even in the heat of hell, her expression was calm.

“God, please let me… … burn me... … .”

Miro couldn't leave Gaold alone.

If his body is completely burned and disappears, even his mind will leave the body.

“Why are you doing this? It's just a magic school exam. What kind of god are you trying to prove here?”

Gaold then opened his eyes.

“I am not trying to prove God. I can endure because God dwells within me.”

Miro let out a hot breath.

Maybe even if a person is blocked, it can be blocked like this.

"and… … .”

Gaold added a word.

“I never want to lose to you.”

Miro could understand.

It wasn't just Gaold, but there were many wizards in the world who were eager to defeat her.

"okay. But it doesn't have to be like this. Survival tests aren't everything. You just have to work harder and beat it in the graduation exam.”

Gaold closed his eyes again.

“God, I believe in the power of infinite love. to me… … .”

“Why are you doing this!”

Miro grabbed Gaold by the collar and pulled him up.

Just that alone made Gaold's body throb in reality.

“You live with a lot of criticism anyway! Whether there is a God or not, just because I said a word, is it important enough to risk your life for you? Do you want to make me feel guilty by dying? then you are mistaken In any case I... … .”

“Because I like you.”

Miro's words stopped.

All the students who were watching through the vision opened their mouths. Only Sein was watching with a serious expression.

“What, what?”

Miro asked in an absurd way.

I know everyone is watching, but Gaold was not the type to take a detour under any circumstances.

“I like you. So I hope you understand me. I want you to say that I am right.”

Miro lowered the hand holding his collar. To the confession she heard in hell, she had nothing to say.

"therefore… … You want to date me?”

Gaold nodded.

Her eyes were burning with fever and passion, but Miro just spat out as usual.

“But I don’t like you?”

pop!

A blast of heat exploded outside the crown of Gaold's head, causing him to lose his mind.

That's how Gaold was eliminated from the survival test, and Sein recalled that day and said:

“In a sense, Gaold could be seen as trying to save face. It's not because I was eliminated because of my religious beliefs. But it's true that I've become the ultimate idiot. Everyone I met laughed at me. The first man ever to be spurned from hell.”

In the end, Gaold's pure love was brutally kicked by Miro.

However, Sein added a word before moving on to the most important case.

in fact… … I still don't know.

---------------------------------------