Singularity (3)

Gwangcheonseong was activated at the sacrifice of Seongeum.

Due to the distortion of space, the border between Gustav and Jincheon met, but the sea itself did not disappear.

Fierce battles were still unfolding in the west sea of ​​Jincheon, and demons endlessly rushed to the sandy beach.

“Stop! Just hold on for a little while!” Their purpose was to buy time until Jincheon's elite captured Gustav.

In the battle for the survival of the two empires, the overwhelming side was the army of hell.

“Chuck! It's disgusting to see humans struggling. Aren’t they just like bugs?”

A giant demon with a protruding lower jaw was sitting cross-legged on top of a giant clam.

Mitura, commander of the 8th Army of Hell.

The Demon World had a tsunami, a huge esophagus that a normal human could not lift.

“You’re leaving! Let's eat something!” At Mitura's instructions, the demons who had been assisting came to catch creatures living in the depths of the sea.

“Kyaaak!”

The upper body of a beautiful human and the lower body of a mermaid with a fish-like tail.

"Help me!"

Since they live in an environment where water pressure is unbearable for humans, there are almost no academic reports.

The face of the mermaid crying and praying was pitiful, but to Mitura, it was just food.

"shut up! You can't miss this delicacy.”

After grabbing the mermaid by the hair and smashing it against the back of the giant clam, he lifted his esophagus.

"please! please!"

He pressed down on the mermaid's head and slammed his esophagus, breaking the tail.

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

The upper body struggled in pain and fear, and the separated lower body fluttered in surprise.

"where?… ”

Mitura grabbed the caudal fin and took a bite of the bloody cut.

The cold flesh of the fish melted on your tongue.

“Heuuuu... The mermaid, who was watching her body being eaten right in front of her eyes, passed out with her eyes peeled off.

He wouldn't live long.

“Are you okay?”

Mitura quickly chewed up half of the tail and swallowed it, threw the rest into the sea and stood up.

“Shall we start soon?”

Even if he didn't open the Pandemonium, he could have caused a tsunami that would wipe out the sandy beach.

“Whoa!”

The huge radius started to fluctuate, and the seawater began to ascend on the waves.

It's weak right now, but by the time it reaches land, it should have become a 200-meter-high tsunami.

“Captain! excuse me… … !”

The troops of Jincheon, who were fighting on the sandy beach, lost their will to fight when they saw the tsunami.

“Damn it!”

It was work to cut down the house-sized demons, but now a natural disaster was coming.

“Is it all over?”

If the West Sea is occupied, the Demons of the 8th Corps will wipe out Hwangseong Yeomra in an instant.

“Aaaaaaa!”

At that time, the soldiers, exhausted by the overwhelming force of Mother Nature, scream and run away.

with my daughter

A bell was heard.

daughter and daughter.

The noise of the war was loud, but the soldiers could hear it clearly and softly.

"what?"

Where the commander turned around, there was a neat-looking man holding a fan with his hair tied over the top of his head.

Ivory Tower 3-star Resident Arte.

And on his shoulder was a small red-skinned creature wagging its long tail.

“Over 200 meters? Can you really stop it?”

It was Arte's satellite Tokay.

“Hey, you’re a demon, aren’t you?”

While the commander looked at him with surprised eyes, Arte moved on.

“200 meters. It is a little difficult.”

Arte raised the fan above his head.

"very little?"

As I fluttered my sleeves and lowered my arms as if dancing, I felt time slowing down.

The scene of water flowing down from the surface of the tidal wave, which built a huge wall, was clearly visible.

"sight."

Arte's magic is unique in that it uses differences in air pressure rather than air flow.

As the pressure trough occurred, the atmosphere with a radius as large as a tsunami began to twist at a tremendous speed.

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

They heard the sound of the world breaking apart, and saw the wide-open sea in the eyes of the shocked and deaf soldiers.

“Hae, Tsunami… …

As if hit by a small typhoon, the water barrier was destroyed, and heavy rain fell like hail.

“Whoa.”

As Arte wrapped up the dance, the refreshing sound of the bell rang again.

The commander who came to his senses asked.

"who are you? what the hell... …

“I came from the ivory tower.”

Arte's expression was not good.

'Save lives and make the world better. I have no objection to human ideals, but... …

It was an unprecedented situation for all the stars of the Ivory Tower to join Sirone in an all-out war.

“It can’t be helped.” Tokay's current situation was also quite interesting.

“The deceased will rot. The only thing left is that a new trend called sirone will change the ivory tower.”

That is why Oh Dae-seong also participated in the war to prove his philosophy again.

“I know.”

The commander approached.

“What should I do now? The tsunami has been prevented, but the second and third waves will come.”

Arte walked towards the sea and picked up a fan.

“The ghost goblin, Arte, is participating in the war against the demons.”

The rapidly rotating pupils in the large eyes, like Tokay's drops, calculated the element of wind.

“320893. 23091. 3494539. 23 degrees of curvature… …

The target of Arte's magic was not the army of Hell, but the Gustav Empire across the sea.

“Wind power at least category six or higher. Can you?”

“I told you.”

Arte's face, which did not show emotion, was crumpled like a ghost.

“You are going to war.”

As the fan passed from right to left, the soldiers felt all the air being pushed out.

“Climate magic, great scenery.”

Kwak Kwah Kwah Kwah Kwah!

A vortex created by a gap in atmospheric pressure sucked in water from the middle of the sea and gushed out.

The wind got stronger, and the demons around them began to be sucked into the whirlpool.

“I-what is that?”

The size of the vortex was growing exponentially, but even that speed was mere dust compared to the results to be completed.

“It’s a typhoon.”

The great landscape would travel over thousands of kilometers and strike Gustav with a size comparable to that of an empire.

Arte raised the fan again.

“Go again. I will blow the whole thing away.” The commander gulped as he watched Tokei roll his eyes.

'Crazy guys. They say they hit across the sea?'

Towards the Gustav Empire, where Sirone and Lian were located, huge storms were flying one after another.

Feeling Sirone's gaze on the back of her head, Merania became even more sorrowful.

said

“If I can calm your anger, I don't mind being cut into pieces right here. So please forgive me.”

She didn't expect this to calm Sirone's anger.

'But it will have an effect.'

You can't feel tired when you run amok in rage, but the moment you come back to your senses, the aftermath is inevitable.

'I'm thinking about it. That's enough. There's no way they'll be fine since they've already destroyed the world for more than a day.'

Merania raised her head.

"Yahweh??????!"

Sirone kicked her in the face.

The wizard's kick was as light as a feather, but when she turned her head, her eyes were locked in shock.

“Do it in moderation.”

If he had only been thinking about these words, he would not have abandoned Yahweh from the beginning.

“I don’t believe it. no matter what you say No, even if it is true, I will deny it.”

'Isn't it okay?'

In the end, Sirone is also a human, so if she continues like this, she will lose her life.

'But then there is no magic.' Sirone floated the Photon Cannon in her palm.

“Just die.”

In an imminent situation, an idea quickly passed through Merania's head.

“It can be reversed!”

"??????what?"

For the first time, Sirone's expression changed.

“The woman whose psychic realm was sealed is now wandering in hell. But, she can turn back.”

“Voice… …

The Photon Cannon is gone.

“Can you save it?”

A minor mistake would ruin everything, so Merania told the truth.

“That cannot be predicted. but

If it was to free her from hell, Sirone pulled Merania by the collar.

"say. How?”

“It is to pierce the prison.”

“Shiok.”

It was the 12 apostles who guarded 0.666 seconds of every second.

“The psychic realm is closed, but if we can pass through the unlawful time, we will be able to take her mind out as well.”

“How do I pierce it?” Even Sirone couldn't recognize Shi-ok.

“Even the corps commander does not know the identity of Shiok.”

There was only the theory that it was the antithesis of the dragon and the 12 apostles who kept time.

“Then it makes no sense.”

When Sirone, unable to control her anger, raised her hand again, Merania hurriedly said,

“But it is clear that they are also following Satan's orders. And now, here was the winning point.

“A person who has been given the authority of prison is staying in the human imperial castle. You will know when you meet him.”

Sirone looked into Merania's eyes.

It's beautiful eyes that don't lie even 1 percent, but the demons deceived them with those eyes anyway.

“… … Who is that?”

“Supreme Commander Ogent Guy is a human.”

The thought of him as Lian's older brother, whom he had met before, crossed his mind, but it was only for a moment.

“Humans have powers?”

“Satan, because Havitz-sama is a human. Shiok is not a concept controlled by the corps commander. To be precise, it was left by the Balkan military just in case, and Sirone untied his collar.

“Guide me to where Ogent Guy is.”

No matter how far the truth was, there was no option to go back and leave a way to obtain the Holy Spirit.

"yes yes."

Standing up with her head bowed, Merania gave instructions while looking back at the demons.

“Everyone go away. From this moment on, I will kill anyone who fights with humans first.” They were demons with a clear displeasure, but they couldn't disobey the command of the corps commander.

Like cockroaches hiding in a corner, all the demons surrounding them scattered.

“Let’s go. I will guide you.”

"If it's a lie... …

Sirone tightened her eyes and said.

“I will put my everything on the line and make you the worst.”

It was difficult to express such a huge emotion in words, and Merania swallowed her saliva.

'doesn't care.'

If only I could stop Yahweh's wrath even for a second.

Commander's Office of the Imperial Castle Marsak.

Ogent Guy, who came here to prepare for battle, put on his armor and was lost in thought.

'It's family.'

Black hair and blue hair, the personalities are different, but I remember that we had a good relationship.

'Lian.'

He had no talent for swords and no flair, but he was strangely affectionate.

'Is Ogent also in the era of blue hair now?' The reason why my heart is overflowing is probably because of my family, but even that thought was a luxury.

'I want to be strong. Isn't that natural as a prosecutor?'

He was the one who abandoned his family, his country, and even his personality to stand on the side of the demons and seek strength.

“We must end the war.”

A red whirlpool appeared in front of Gai's eyes as he turned around with a long sword at his waist.

"what?"

When the 2nd Corps commander, Merania, walked out of the whirlpool, his forehead narrowed.

“Why do demons... … Behind her, Shirone was following her, revealing her cold eyes.