New Humanity⑴

Hwangseong Yeomra in Jincheon had numerous lights on even near midnight.

Jin Kang called Sirone.

“I will go in.”

Upon entering the emperor's residence, Jin Kang was sitting alone drinking.

“Come in.”

When the door closed and Sirone sat down carefully, Jin Kang raised a porcelain wine bottle.

“You must be busy with work.”

Said Sirone while taking a drink.

“Because Jincheon is wide. Thanks to your help, many items are being processed quickly.”

Jin Kang was an active ally of Sirone, and this would be a great help in the temple assembly.

Breaking the awkward silence, Sirone spoke.

“Current voice... …

“Don’t get me wrong. I didn't call you for that. If you made a promise, waiting is a great man.”

How can you not be curious, Jin Kang was not a person who read lines with personal feelings.

“The people of Jincheon are grateful. If it wasn't for you, the damage to the Pandemonium would have been much greater.”

The Blue Dragon Mountains, where Bassago opened the Pandemonium, were now completely isolated.

“I just did what I had to do. It is fortunate that the range of mental radiation is not wide.”

The radius of 300 kilometers cannot be said to be narrow, but compared to Jincheon, it was localized.

Jin Kang got to the point.

“Hey, have you ever heard of the new people?”

"yes. It is the name that those with intelligence among the variants of the Blue Dragon Mountains call themselves. We're quarantined right now, but we'll find a way when the hell is over.”

“They rebelled.”

Sirone narrowed her eyes.

“I have just come across intelligence. It is said that the Hwangseong deviated from the proposed area and destroyed the troops. The northern and eastern gateways of the mountain range have been breached, and mutants are attacking nearby cities.”

"that is… … is this possible? The northern gateway is in charge of Yucheong, and the eastern gateway is in charge of Hwang Yi-seong.”

The reason why he dispatched Oh Ryongjang himself was because he judged that there were so many risk factors.

“It seems that the scale of the rebellion is incredibly large. I don't know, how they multiplied their population. But if it comes out of nowhere like this, it's one of two things. It's been planned for a very long time... …

“An unexpected variable has occurred.”

"yes. Both the former and the latter are possible. After all, new people are different from humans.”

'It's different from humans.'

It was true.

“Put the rebellion in order. If their power expands, there is no guarantee that they will not invade the imperial castle.”

"yes. I will go directly.”

Even from Sirone's point of view, Jincheon's imperial power had to be maintained to fight in the temple.

It was an urgent situation, so I packed up and left the imperial castle that way.

Earth Dragon Gaitan and White Dragon As-Skiker were waiting.

“Are you leaving right away?”

"huh. I'm going to the Blue Dragon Mountains. Let’s speed things up so that they arrive by tomorrow morning.”

After flying into the sky, Sirone spread her wings while looking in the direction where the mountains were.

'Biological mutation.'

Since the Pandemonium opened and a lot of time had passed, it must have been a completely different existence than imagined.

"let's go."

The apostles followed closely behind Sirone, who was flying while explosively pushing the wings.

Dawn dawned faintly over the Blue Dragon Mountains.

“The sun is rising.”

The landscape reflected below was much more serious than Sirone had initially expected.

The barriers made only by labor were torn down like saw teeth, and corpses formed fields.

Asriker's eyes changed.

“ Shall we go right in?”

If a rebellion was carried out under the banner of a new human race, there would surely be an instigator.

'Smash the head with a quick fight.'

There was a point, but Sirone changed his mind after seeing the scale of damage on the ground.

“Let’s start by figuring out the situation. I don't have a good feeling. There must be something we don't know.”

Sirone flew to the northern gateway, which suffered the most damage, and landed in a ruined place.

“Oh Dae-sung!”

The soldiers who were rummaging through the collapsed building for survivors lowered their heads in unison.

“Where is the General?”

“You are resting in the infirmary ward. She was seriously injured, but fortunately, I heard that her life is not in danger.”

“Serious injuries?”

Are you saying that Wu Ryongjang, the great swordsman, was killed?

“Gaitan, stay on the scene and gather information. From last night’s circumstances, meticulously.”

"All right."

It was something that As-Skiker couldn't do.

After being guided by the soldier into the medical ward, Yu Cheong stood up with a hard expression.

“Oh Dae-sung.”

Bandages were wrapped from the chest to the abdomen.

“Just lie down.”

"no. To an unmanned person this much hurt... … Keugh!”

I wanted to protect my pride, but I couldn't help but moan.

'What kind of ugliness is this?'

Assryker was silent in the corner of the medical ward with his gaze lowered.

After being scolded by Sirone, she was the one who avoided eye contact with people as much as possible.

Even so, in Yu-cheong's heart, she was everything.

'It's really beautiful. It's just a pity that I can't be her lover.'

Even the scars on his abdomen, which had been torn almost to the level of rags, could not be felt now.

“Who did you hit?”

However, the moment she received Sirone's question, the feeling of walking through a field of flowers turned into a nightmare.

The fear of Baekryong to the point of closing one's heart.

Yu Qing's body trembled.

“Humans… … It wasn't.”

It still haunts my eyes.

“No, the appearance was human. But the feeling itself is different. Not animals, not humans, not plants, not insects. How can I explain that... …

“Is he the ringleader of the rebellion?”

"I don't know. At some point, they were hiding in the gateway. Then, he showed his true colors and began to destroy them at random. When I woke up, all the soldiers were torn like paper.”

As Yu Cheong clenched his fists, blood slowly seeped through the bandages he was wearing.

“My sword couldn't even brush. It's a party thing. He didn't even come close."

“But how did you get hurt like this?”

“Your eyes have changed.”

Yu Qing's face went pale.

“It's not the feeling, the entire pupil has turned black. That was it. When you come to your senses...

Like a dissected frog, its belly was split and its limbs were stretched out.

- Aaaaaaaa!

Whey crouched down as her own screams broke through the memory curtain.

“Keugh! damn! damn it!” When the facts he had been desperately ignoring came to the surface, his mind was shattered.

"I don't know! how alive! I didn't even feel any pain at the time. Damn, what have you done to me! When that monster, that monster, Sirone stepped back, Ah Striker, who understood his intentions, comforted Yu-cheong’s back.

"are you okay. you did your best Leave it to us and let us rest in peace.”

"Ahhh… …

Yu Cheong, who was overcome with emotion and shed tears, gradually closed her eyelids with sleepy eyes.

Assryker gently laid him down, but the blood seeping through the bandages indicated that action was needed.

“The new race.”

While the doctor tended to her wounds, Sirone was lost in thought in the corner of the medical unit.

The As-Skiker has arrived.

“Messiah, eye skills only affect the mind, not physical effects.”

The part that Sirone was suspicious of was also at that point.

"okay. You can't cut people's stomachs just by looking at them. if it is possible… …

mind skills.

“Is it using quantum signals?”

"I don't know. Even in Hell, there were demons with mutant abilities. The 4th generation cataclysm gained transcendental intelligence, but to use quantum signals, it would have to be at least 7th generation?”

It was an evolution in which the entire human race was allowed to mutate for a thousand years.

Gaitan came in.

“Messiah, I have something to report to you.”

"huh. say it."

“It is said that the new human variants went east around dawn. Based on the map, the nearest city is Bukjeon, which has about 700,000 people.”

Sirone nodded.

“Then let’s go to the north. The order is to check the new people first and then hit the hideout.”

"yes. however… …

Gaitan added.

“According to the official, an expert was called from the Jincheon Emergency Department. You should have arrived in Northern Zhen by now. I think I should give you a report in advance.” Sirone frowned.

“Are you an expert? Even the general of Oh Ryongjang is an enemy who can't even use his hands. What's his specialty?”

"That is… …

Gaitan's expression changed to embarrassment.

“They must be people the Messiah knows.”

The inhabitants of the Ivory Tower have arrived at the gates of the Northern Palace.

"ha ha ha! It's a one-of-a-kind departure. After all, there is nothing more exciting than running in the field.”

A man wearing a judge's uniform over 2 meters tall fluttered a fan and shouted.

It was Tanjoo Ra, a 1-star judge belonging to the Ministry of Law.

“Being exposed to the wind like this, it feels like my heart is open. Isn't that right, Mr. Borbor?"

A woman as skinny as a toothpick was walking, wearing all-black clothing.

The half-parted lips and unfocused pupils proved that she was not really thinking.

Moray Borbor.

He was a 2-star resident of Balance Department, nicknamed Mollusk.

“Mr. Borbor?”

Borbor jerked and turned his head.

She stared at Tanjura, who was smiling, and burst into laughter.

“Uh ha ha ha! Whoa ha ha!”

“Chuck! right? Fuhahahaha!”

Laughter suddenly stopped, and Borbor looked back at the front as if it hadn't happened before.

'It's creepy. It's creepy.'

The nickname “mollusk” comes from the mental fluidity that transcends human limits.

A tyrant, a murderer, a seductress, etc., there is no mental taste that she cannot respond to.

"stop. Who are you?”

When the guards at the gate stopped, Tanju Ra flapped her fan and spoke loudly.

“I am a merchant who buys special products. I came to check out the specialties of Bukjeon, so can I go in?”

“A merchant?”

The guard exchanged glances and shook his head.

“Currently, North Jeon is under security control. There was an order from Taesu-nim not to let anyone in. Go back, or make camp until the controls are lifted.”

“Hmm, security control.”

As Tanjura clicked her tongue, Borbor's eyes focused for a moment.

'It's already been eaten.'

Just like when they destroyed the northern gateway, they seemed to be trying to take control of the interior.

'To occupy a specific area, destroying the command center is the most efficient way. To do such a troublesome thing even with unknown power... …

Because they cannot stand less efficient means.

'Are they new people?'

“Look, actually we… …

When Tanjura tried to take out the Ivory Tower, Borbor held up her hand to stop her.

Then he approached the guard and whispered something in his ear with a pitiful expression on his face.

“Hmm.”

The guard, whose eyes were shaking, spoke to his colleague again, and in that state he sighed for a while.

"good. Let’s check it first.”

Two guards took Borbor to a makeshift guard post by the gate.

Giggles leaked out as Tanjoura waited, bobbing her feet.

“What are they doing?”

At that moment, a tremendous exclamation erupted, which turned into a scream, which soon turned into a sorrowful cry.

After a while, two guards walked out with their heads down and wiping away tears.

“Let’s go in.”

The guards who opened the door without saying a word seemed to have lost their character and there seemed to be no tomorrow.

Following Borbor, Tanjura asked.

“What have you done to them? Would you believe me if I told you to kill yourself right away?”

"nothing."

Borbor's focus went out again.

“They realized who they were.

That's all.”