[690] God's Pupil (2)

The energy of light shimmered from Maylei's thin and long body, and it was shot into the sky in an instant.

Following that pillar of light, she ascended to a far higher place and made a sign with her fingers that bent like rubber.

"What is that?"

While everyone was looking up at the sky, her incarnation grew so huge that it overturned the entire sky.

Terra Force Incarnation Technique - Goddess Guan Yin.

A size comparable to Maze's incarnation technique that he showed when dealing with Satan in Heaven earlier.

A map was reflected in the huge eyelidless eyes on the fan-shaped top of the head.

“From now on, I will distinguish between your good and evil.”

Terraforce is a race that protects order, and has the ability to collect and analyze all sounds in this world.

Just as humans cannot be discussed except for their visual function, to Terra Force, sound is the truth and core of this world.

And at this moment, all the sounds of the planet where Sirone lives were being collected by Mayray's ears.

“The wisdom of the Supreme Court. order of the law.”

The light flickered in Mayray's eyes, and the same standard was applied to all humans living in the present world.

The numbers of good and evil were quickly tallied.

Line: 0 people

Evil: 8,724

Through the true power of God's frequency, the sound of over 3 billion hearts resonated and resonated in my head.

Yakma Republic.

- Only I want to be superior. I want everyone to look up to me.

- That guy is bad. He's pretending he doesn't have any skills. If you're like me... … .

Simultaneously accumulating all over the world, the voices of the heart were sorted by the criteria of Justice Terraforce at a tremendous rate.

Line: 1 person

Evil: 278,687 people

Northern Eymond Republic.

- Mine! I'll have it all!

- Cruelly trample! If you make a mistake, you have to pay the price! my fault? … … what do you know about me

Line: 12 people

Evil: 4,562,479

Kashan Empire.

- I am a good person. Because there's no way I wouldn't be nice. So you guys are all bad guys!

- Why won't you look after me? I mean I'm a better guy! i'm the best! You idiots who don't know that!

Line: 376

Evil: 67,285,541 people

Mediterranean.

-Damn it. damn it damn it damn it

- What I think is the only correct answer. because i'm smart because you guys are stupid

Line: 1,225

Evil: 128,546,699

East Jungcheon-dong, Monk's Mountains.

- By abandoning me with all your heart... … .

-Courage against evil is not to fight and win, but to immerse oneself in suffering.

Line: 21,318

Evil: 1,589,746,587 people

Gustav Empire.

- Make a mistake. So that I can mock you, so that I can be relieved. God, let the author make mistakes.

-I will make you suffer. It doesn't matter though. 'Cause I'm not sick

After the judgment of all mankind, the final score floated in Mayray's head.

Line: 48,893

Evil: 3,159,963,587 people

'Suffice.'

Those who passed the standard of goodness were not even 1% of the total population, but they still had a choice.

Are humans evil?

If so, how can we explain the 48,893 humans still left in this world?

As long as even one good person remains, humans cannot be defined as good or evil.

Rather, as a being who chooses between good and evil, he will devote himself endlessly to the future of mankind.

“Humanity is still too early to perish. Based on the judgment of the Supreme Court, the case of La Enemy will be deleted.”

As the incarnation of Daeja Guanshiyin changed hands and swung his arms around, a huge number of light sources overlapped.

Terra Force Avatar - Guanshiyin Extinction.

A clear, clear sound inaudible to human hearing spread toward the ground.

The law of weakening the power of evil by borrowing the power of good was transmitted to the entire world by borrowing the power of Terraforce's powerful incarnation.

The balance that can be restored at a ratio of 50,000 to 3.1 billion is not large, but it was powerful enough to erase the case of La Enemie.

"uh… … .”

Chagall looked up at the sky with a blank expression.

The terrible memories that went back and forth between reality and virtuality gradually disappeared, leaving only the original memories.

There were no new memories to fill in the lost memories, just the time spent wandering in darkness.

“Aaaaaa! Aaaaaa!”

Looking at Chagall screaming madly in anger and resentment, Sirone guessed the seriousness of the situation.

'This is what Mayray said after the storm.'

Perhaps there were people all over the world who showed the same reaction as Chagall.

As La Enemy's memories faded, the Kar value he acquired through human experience began to decline, albeit weakly.

The armies of the other side of the world stopped fighting, and Igor and Warsiva, who were fighting fiercely, also widened their distance.

"this… … What happened?”

“Barsiva, we are the masters of this world. You can't protect anything when you lose control.”

La Enemy promised Warsiva the independence of the Underworld, but even that memory had already disappeared.

Igor turned to Sirone and said.

“We will go back. you do your job We fought together today, but next time... … .”

Igor saved his words.

Since the existence of the underside world and the real humans are destined to coexist from birth, if this happens again, then war will be unavoidable.

When the forces of the underworld retreated, only the terrible corpses and Sirone's party covered in blood were left.

After finishing the incarnation, Meirei came down to the ground.

“The case of La Enemie was extinguished. As the representative of humanity, you have an obligation to take responsibility for this.”

“… … Please tell me quickly.”

I was determined to do just that anyway.

“But why do I have memories?”

“Kwanseum Annihilation erases everything that is manipulated by evil. If you are not manipulated, your memory will not be erased.”

"Right."

As the case of La Enemy died down, the landscape of the other side of the world slowly began to clear.

The brain in the vat was released, and Mei-lei, who returned to the form of a girl, covered one ear.

Ra Enemy's voice was heard through God's frequency.

-Find me, Hexa.

La Enemy will not appear in the world until it reaches 100% Kar.

- I will be where you seek.

No more voices were heard, and Sirone checked the condition of the survivors.

Venezia died and Chagall did not appear to have left.

As Etela, Quan, Lian and Rufist approached Sirone, Meirei said,

“I will go back. I do not know what kind of future awaits you in the future, but I hope you make the right choice.”

Rufist said.

“Since you’ve been here, how about staying a little longer? It's not like La Enemy is completely gone.”

“Terraforce protects the order of the universe through sound. It's just because Ra Enemy disregarded the order and manipulated the events of the universe, there will be no physical interference unless a cosmic event like this time occurs.”

“Hmm.”

Rufist neither affirmed nor denied.

The desire to use Terra Force for the kingdom of Tormia is like a chimney, but it was too dangerous to handle.

“Hexa, Terraforce recognized you as the representative of humanity. leave behind We will contact you if necessary.”

As soon as she finished speaking, Maylei's eyes returned to those of a human.

"what? Where is this?”

Since she didn't know anything, Sirone and the others looked at her with blank expressions.

“You don’t remember anything?”

“I think I was blown away by the impact of the explosion when I blocked the energy beam of the living flower… … .”

'It's changed since then. I was completely fooled.'

Perhaps it will be classified, but Mayray will be accepted into the kingdom as the only one capable of communicating with Terra Force.

Ethella spoke up.

“What are you going to do now? La Enemy's memories are gone, but he still resides in this world as a human.”

Kido replied.

“Do I really need to find it? There would be no point in manipulating the case any longer.”

The way Ra Enemy collects experience is on a scale that would have been impossible without being designed from time immemorial.

Sirone said.

“Still, the ability of memory of the five senses is useful. La Enemy might use it in a different way.”

“Are you really going to find it?”

Rufist asked crookedly.

“You should have known about this? If you're not careful, you could turn La Enemy into a huge disaster. Humanity is at risk.”

“I still have to find it.”

"why?"

“It’s an ivory tower test.”

I didn't mean to pass the exam.

“My thoughts are like an ivory tower. Even if humanity is in danger, we must fight to the end to drive out Ra Enemy.”

'Is it Kar... … .'

In any case, Sirone did not belong to the Magic Association, so Lufist could not stop it.

“Do it yourself. I'm going to live Maybe we can collect the seeds. I will take care of the mercenary group.”

"I'm sorry about Mr. Jane."

“… … She's not the only one dead. Don't contact me.”

As Lufist threw herself away, Meirei also looked back at Sirone and lowered her head.

“I will also follow the president of the association. If you become an Ivory Tower resident, please visit us.”

As long as Mayray was entrusted with Terra Force's trust, the relationship would not end here.

"okay. Take care of yourself and see you next time.”

While Sirone was saying goodbye, Kuan limped closer to Lian.

"hey."

The moment Lian turned his head, Quan drew his sword like a thunderbolt and swung it vertically.

The wind roared as the sword passed between Lian's eyebrows.

“You understand?”

“… … yes."

The afterimage of the flash, containing numerous changes in the sword, was still left in the retina.

It was obviously a difficult skill to imitate, but I could see what Quan was trying to say.

“Practice.”

It was a gift from the once-instructor to Lian.

"Oh, thank you."

Kuan didn't even answer and turned away, and Ethella said goodbye by putting her hand on Sirone's shoulder.

“Then, how are you, Sirone-kun?”

“Are you going back? Hey, haven’t you paid the request fee yet?”

Ethella smiled and shook her head.

"I'm not here for the money. It's okay since Master's will is engraved on his heart.”

“Are you going back to school?”

"for now. but… … I don't know yet.”

His hatred for Chagall still remained, and he doubted whether he could teach students in this state.

After everyone left, only Rian and Kido remained by Sirone's side.

At the end of the awkward silence, Lian looked back at Kido.

“Are you not going?”

“Uh, me? Gotta go... … .”

The entire world is the stage for human activities, but Kido, a goblin, was just a sub-species wherever he went.

“If you don’t have a specific destination, would you like to go with us?”

Kidou's ears were actually tempted by Sirone's proposal, but his pride didn't allow it right away.

“Hey, what are you going to do after following a human… … .”

“But you can’t stay hidden forever. Come with me. It will be fun.”

“Is that so?”

Ryan readily agreed.

“Okay, let’s fight La Enemy together. The more strong allies, the better.”

I liked the saying that Kido is a strong ally.

“Kihehe! good! Then, would you like this body to lend its strength to humans?”

Kido struck a cool pose while brandishing a spear.

"by the way… … .”

Radum's mission was thus ended, but heavy emotions still flowed in their hearts.

“Sirone, what is this world like?”

The mischief disappeared from Kido's face when he remembered how Ankera was born.

“I don’t want to be sure. But maybe we... … .”

Sirone looked up at the sky and said.

"Maybe I'm living in someone's dream."

---------------------------------------