[233] 4. Battle Simulation (3)

Dante could not bear the insult any longer.

“This is real! Are you so funny to me? You want me to believe that?”

“What Sirone said is true.”

Iruki came over and wrapped his arms around Shirone's shoulders.

“It's understandable that you're excited, but Sirone really doesn't know you. Because it hasn't been a year since I entered magic school. This is the second semester.”

Dante pursed his lips with a bewildered expression. Since the semester had just begun, it was only half a year in terms of duration. Still, it was difficult for common sense to understand that the size of the Spirit Zone was the same as his own.

'No, no. These things are unreasonable and they drive me.'

Dante feigned a calm expression and snorted.

“Hmph, so you’re saying everyone kneeled before a guy who only learned magic for half a year? Do you think all the kids in this school are trash?”

The students were angry, but they couldn't bear to argue because Dante's words were true.

The only qualified person was the person involved, Sirone.

“Why are you talking that way? You don't learn magic to beat someone.”

"haha! You speak well. Well, I haven't seen your skills myself.”

Whatever the reason magic was born, modern society is a system of infinite competition. In such a situation, it was either the ideal of the weak or the pretense of the strong to consider the essence.

Concluding that it was the latter, Dante stood up on his tiptoe and looked down at Sirone.

“I will expose all your lies. Look forward to it.”

@

At the end of the day, the advanced class teachers gathered in the conference room.

Olivia was carefully recording the problems she found while looking at the school today. Then she put the new paper on her desk and she started the meeting.

“Since we went on a field trip together, there is no need for long words. If this is the case, the ranking of the school will drop even further. I think extraordinary measures are needed.”

It was already expected that Olivia would set off the bomb. But what kind of bomb it was was a question.

“I tried this and that, but it is true that there is no suitable alternative within the advanced class. But there is one way. It is borrowing the system of the senior class.”

The teachers' eyes widened. Olivia proclaimed before the unbelievable emotion even crossed her mind.

“We request that the combat simulation training center, Icheonbeon(異天煩), be opened to advanced classes.”

Sad hit the table and got up.

"principal! Twenty thousand is too dangerous. Even seniors are using the training ground under the control of teachers.”

“What is the danger? You don't have to deal with the students. Even if 2,000 times is close to actual combat, you can lower the synchro rate.”

Olivia was sincere and Sade calmly persuaded.

“There is also a right side to the principal's way. It is also true that we were overprotective of the advanced class children. But I dare to say that the level is not so low as for the senior class. The competition is intense enough, and I think it’s okay to train only for those kids.”

“If the middle class is not fierce, how can the upper class be fierce? It's going from the advanced class to the senior class, where do you get the senior class of this school? You cannot innovate with that mindset. You will have to think differently.”

Ethella said.

“But then what about the senior year? We open 2,000 times a day.”

“I know of two training camps. If you add the Coliseum, the graduation examination hall, there are three places. If you allocate your time well, you could use at least one of them in an advanced class.”

Teachers shut up. It is a senior year because it is practiced through 2,000 times. It's not that it can't be applied to advanced classes, but we had to pay attention to the intangible value of pride in the senior class.

Above all, it went against the educational philosophy of Alfeas, who had worked hard for the school for decades.

As the silence grew longer, the atmosphere became unsure whether it was a meeting or a fight. Olivia, patiently waiting for her opinion, nodded her head.

“Okay, that’s it. Are you saying you can't hear me because I'm a temporary worker? Is Mr. Alpheas still the principal in your hearts?”

“Oh, no. never that... … !”

“You can be honest. If you are human, you can do that. But don't be mistaken. As the current teachers' council auditor and former principal of the Royal Magic School, I did not enter the school merely to plug up Mr. Alpheas' hole. Mr. Alfeas knows that fact better than anyone else, and that is why he came to me and begged me.”

Sadd broke out in a cold sweat. As Olivia said, her current principal was her. And teachers must admit that fact.

But if it doesn't, it won't. She is not there after 6 months. As the philosophy of Alpheas is the history and tradition of the school, it must be maintained.

“No one is denying Miss Olivia's reputation. I also respect you with all my heart. However, this sudden request also... … .”

"Follow Olivia's words."

The teachers turned around in unison. Alpheas, who entered through the back door, was smiling. When the spiritual anchor of her teachers appeared, Olivia showed her displeasure.

“What? Are you watching? As far as I know there is no reason for me to seek permission from Alfeas, who has been entrusted with full authority.”

“It could be. I felt like I could hear ultrasound while taking a walk. Heh heh heh!”

"Then don't mind, former principal."

“Before I go, I want to personally say something to my disciple. Saad, the principal of the school is definitely Olivia's. You should know that well.”

"All right."

As Alpheas stepped forward and hit the wedge, the other teachers also had nothing to say. I wondered if I had really handed over all powers to the temporary headmaster for six months, but now I had no doubts.

“Chuck! Then the idle old man will stop going.”

Olivia snorted. But he didn't have any more heartache. It was something that needed to be made clear at least once. 

When Olivia looked back at Sade, he lowered his head and said, having finished preparing his mind.

“I will notify the advanced class.”

@

A notice was posted on the advanced class bulletin board. In the future, the integrated education was to be conducted at the 27th training ground.

The lower class was confused, but the upper class, who knew where it was, couldn't help but be nervous.

Nade and Iruki also intuited that the situation was not serious.

“There are two thousand times there, right? Is this really okay?”

“You didn’t expect it to end like this anyway. What does it matter? Not even dying.”

It wasn't like Iruki said he would die, but it was true that it was dangerous.

Even though it was a battle simulation, it wasn't like a war game where I used to make sound effects with my mouth as a child.

“I am still nervous. Are you really going to do it?”

“I don’t know. If you look at the current principal's disposition, it could be. You said pragmatism. Anyway, let's go tell Sirone.”

Nade looked around.

“By the way, where did Sirone go, aren’t you even eating dinner?”

“You skipped it. I decided to see it at the study meeting tonight. I heard there is something to do at the training ground.”

"this time?"

“It’s a bit like doing it when it’s quiet. The only time to practice is now.”

"no way… … Ataraxia?”

Iruki gave a meaningful smile.

“It's a good time to spy. Let's go.”

@

Sirone stood alone in the training ground with no one around. Even skipping meals, the reason he came here was to train Ataraxia.

The preparation time of one minute was too long for him to think about. Since the magic circle is not limited by space, it can be used as a siege weapon, but it is not about jumping into a war right away, and actions that cause mass casualties require careful consideration.

'If you practice hundreds and thousands of times, you'll get used to it. Probably only once a day.'

The lack of repetitive training was also an obstacle to training Ataraxia. But Sirone did not give up. Hadn't she done it even when she decided to read a history book in the Ogent family library? Everything accelerates, so if you walk hard, you will be running at some point.

"good! Let's try.”

Sirone casts a halo. A circle with a diameter of 1 meter was born in front of his eyes, sucking in countless concepts.

The five-colored colors flooding in from the front were a dreamy sight at any time. After passing a certain level, a multidimensional structure beyond the realm of understanding was engraved, and Ataraxia was born.

Sirone fixed her spell while glaring at the target in front. Since he had no physical power if it was a photon output rather than a photon cannon, he could use his magic to his heart's content.

“Hey, sirone… … !”

The moment Nade and Iruki entered the training ground, a huge beam of light was shot from the magic circle of Ataraxia.

Looking down from the sky, the training ground was so bright that even distant students turned their heads when they noticed that the other side of the mountain was getting brighter.

Nade and Iruki widened their eyes. I felt a thrill just with the amount of light output.

It is not a size that humans can handle. It felt like a phenomenon that could only be seen in Mother Nature had been moved right in front of my eyes. What remains in the place where the light has passed?

Surprisingly, not a speck of dust rose. Iruki realized that the magic Sirone cast was a photon output. Cold sweat broke out on his back. If it had been a Photon Cannon, the cliff blocking the training ground would have disappeared.

'As expected, Sirone. It has to be that much for my special move to shine.'

Nade moved his legs awkwardly, like someone who had forgotten how to walk.

“Hey, Sirone. this… … .”

Before Nade could finish his words, Sirone collapsed with a thump.

Originally, some level of consciousness remained, but since it was only a training session a day, it was because he poured all his energy into it.

“Sirone, Sirone! Come to your senses.”

Nade pulled Sirone up and patted her on the cheek. Horrible imaginations rushed in because sometimes wizards died while demonstrating unreasonable magic.

Contrary to her worries, Sirone quickly opened her eyes.

"uh? When did you come?”

"are you okay? I mean, I’ve been here since I wrote Ataraxia or something.”

"ha ha ha! saw? I was trying to save it.”

Sirone stood up with her hands on the floor. He stumbled, but not to the point of being unbearable.

Iruki approached without taking his eyes off the target.

“The magic cast in heaven must have been Ataraxia plus Photon Cannon, right? How destructive is that? Now that I've seen this, I can't tell you to try it.”

"that's right. There are probably very few cases where such strong power is used in real life. Still, I want to keep trimming. The problem is that it takes too long.”

“Not necessarily. Maybe there will be an opportunity to write right away in real life.”

"huh? What are you talking about? Is it a chance?”

Iruki looked back at Ned. At first, he came to catch Sirone and complain, but as things turned out, he became interested.

“I’m going to train 2,000 times tomorrow. The headmaster said he would.”

“Two thousand? what is that?"

Iruki pointed to the sky and said.

“Virtual agony.”

Nade added.

“It’s a combat simulation system for archmages only.”

@

Ten minutes before the advanced class integrated class began, students' tension was higher than usual.

The 27th training ground was an open field cut flat from the mountain, and the floor was densely finished with small metal blocks.

Four pylons were erected along the outer rim, which seemed to be 7 meters high.

The teachers who supervised the education were Shiina, Saad, and Etela. The students were satisfied because they could receive guidance from all the popular teachers.

---------------------------------------