[488] New variable (1)

'It's dawn.'

In the midst of the chaotic battle, Sirone sensed the sky brightening.

As Armand's dilated pupils narrowed to let in as much light as possible, each Kergo warrior's terrified expression was clearly visible.

“Kill! Don't back down!”

Even the face of the Kergo tribe chief who shouted that way was pale.

They have trained their schema by hunting heresy for hundreds of years, but the Elysion that Sirone uses is truly an unknown territory.

The boundaries of the Spirit Zone disappeared, and dozens of photon cannons swept left and right as if scratching the space.

The enemy's blades could not cut Armand, and the tentacles endlessly sucked up the corpses and gave Sirone vitality.

And when the multiple beams finally exploded, grotesque screams filled the surroundings.

Dozens of light sources were emitting light, crushing all Kergo hunting troops.

Left alone, Sirone's eyes were filled with sadness.

I had dozens of reasons to go to war in my head, but every time a life was destroyed, the reason was also erased, and now I didn't know what I was fighting for.

'scary.'

As a wizard and as a member of Gaold's team, I did not come to heaven without even this level of determination.

What was truly terrifying was his self-determination and lack of inspiration.

“Rian.”

Shirone's cold face suddenly twisted and tears flowed down her face.

"It's so scary, Rian."

“There! chase! Never miss it!”

Again, heresy hunters came in pursuit.

As long as Sirone smells of blood, they will follow you everywhere.

As soon as the Kergo warrior approached as fast as an arrow and swung her sword vertically down, Akamai's eyes activated the antithesis.

Armand's tentacles burst the enemy's face before he could stop the action.

The battle that followed was the same one-sided slaughter as before.

Kuzen's ability to metabolize food does not allow Shirone to be fatigued.

Ringer's armor does not allow wounds, and Kenser's absolute restoration does not allow injuries.

The Ultima System, reinforced with all kinds of abilities, was imbuing magic into every space Jikji recognized.

Akamai subdued the enemies, Galtomic's magic amplification maximized its power, and enemies that approached were cut off by the blades of the tentacles.

'shit! It's a monster! I'm not human!'

The pursuers, who thought they only had the symbolism of the light of District 73, were terrified when they encountered Sirone's inaction, which was no different from a martial god.

'Elysion!'

As Shirone's eyes pierced the world with Jikji, countless photon cannons were born from the ground and all of them soared into the sky.

It was a sight as if a huge flash of light stood up in a bunch.

It was extremely difficult for a human with eyes on his head to adapt to the attacks that came from under his feet, and the enemies died without even getting close to Sirone.

After another battle, a wave of sorrow surged over him.

“Peope.”

Sirone put her hand on her chest and checked Feope's condition.

I didn't stop breathing, but I felt that my vitality was far less than before.

That feeble vitality whipped Sirone's mind.

“We have to go to Arabot.”

Sirone's robes, darkened by the blood of countless people, quickly absorbed the blood and turned it into energy.

Based on that power, Sirone moved forward.

As the destination got closer, the number of pursuers began to decrease significantly.

It might not be without the influence of the divine aura from Arabot, but I thought that something big might have happened in other areas besides Shehakim.

Finally, when the walls of Arabot came into view, Sirone cast teleportation and stopped in one place.

'This is the first point.'

Sein designated three points to cast God's Punishment, and Sirone also learned the trajectory to fall accordingly.

Heaven will be destroyed if magic is cast here.

However, Sirone ignored the point and walked away.

In the absence of specific tactical instructions, God's Punishment was promised to be cast at the point closest to Arabot.

However, do not exceed noon.

If there had been a flu, I would have been in a better position to judge, but the outcome would have been the same anyway.

'I'm going to meet Ikael. Wait a bit, Peope.'

Sirone immediately jumped and crossed the walls of Arabot.

The Gaold team and the rebels were the first to arrive at Arabot.

At the second point, Sirone paused for a moment.

Even though he got close enough to see the spire where Anchera resided in the distance, there was no one to stop him.

The place where Sirone could finally meet someone was only two kilometers away from Arabot, where even the third point had been passed.

The archangel of amplification, Ikael, was waiting for Sirone with the spire on his back.

"You're here at last, Sirone."

How many dead lines have you crossed?

The eyes, which seemed to have dried up to dryness, did not convey any real emotions.

Even in the face of Ikael's apparent hostility, Sirone did not waver in her gait.

“I have a favor to ask you.”

“I refuse. you and i are enemies If you come any further, you have no choice but to kill them. no… … .”

Ikael's body leaned slowly.

The reason for blocking her heart was clear to her as well.

"I'll kill you anyway."

pop! The air exploded and Ikael's figure disappeared.

The place where she appeared was right behind where Sirone was standing.

Ikael's fist, which increased his speed and rushed in vain, cut through the air and stopped, and her brows narrowed.

Sirone was standing 10 meters away from Ikael.

Above her head, Ikasa's judicial halo Valhalla action was spinning.

Although he was downgraded to a fallen angel and had most of his powers restrained, the power of his judicial halo is the same as that of other angels.

It was natural for Ikael to recall the connection of Ataraxia he had passed down after watching the Valhalla action.

'To make full use of two angelic magics.'

It is impossible for anyone in Heaven, and therefore Sirone must die.

Having made up his mind, Ikael threw himself again.

It was such a fast movement that only afterimages could be seen even with Armand's nervous system strengthening.

Phew! The air exploded again, and Ikael thrust out his fist.

“… … .”

But this time, Sirone's figure had disappeared.

Ikasa's Valhalla action must consume all the time required for the cause at the cost of preempting the effect.

It was definitely her judgment that gave Shirone time.

However, the reason why I didn't think it was a mistake was because I thought it would never be avoided this time.

'How did you see it?'

Ikael slowly turned his head to check Sirone, who had gone behind him before he knew it.

Armand's tentacles fluttered and prepared to face him in earnest.

But the reason she was surprised was rather invisible.

The focal point of Sirone's mind had disappeared.

And it was Gaia's ability that clearly remained in her memory.

“Elysion?”

Ikael muttered involuntarily, frowning with a painful expression.

“Black!”

I had already organized my thoughts, but another sense was trying to connect with the other side of oblivion.

'You shouldn't try to remember.'

That is Ankera's will.

Quickly recovering her mind, she suddenly changed again with cold eyes.

“You are much stronger. In just a few days.”

Recognize it with the Ultima system and evade it with Valhalla action.

It was certainly possible, but Ikael could only think of it as foolishness.

“Did you just try to deal with me that much?”

You can only avoid it once anyway.

Due to the nature of Valhalla's action, if you apply a combo attack, you can never dodge it.

No, in fact there is no need for that.

Knowing Sirone's level, it was enough to move fast enough to be undetectable even with a straight line.

When Sirone took out Peope from her arms, Ikael's eyes turned to the skinny fairy.

“I am still alive. If it is you, you will be able to revive Feope.”

Feope was a name familiar to Ikael as well.

Because it was the fairy who brought Sirone when he first came to heaven.

But now it was a wartime situation, and Feope was a heretic who helped Sirone.

“Don’t get me wrong, Sirone. You can't do any business with me. Will I be able to survive this time... … .”

“I know you can kill me.”

Ching!

A magic circle of Valhalla action was born on Sirone's head.

“Because Archangel Ikael is probably the strongest being in heaven.”

“… … What do you want to say?”

Sirone looked up at the magic circle floating above her head and said.

“Valhalla action reverses cause and effect. It means that any action can lead to immediate results... … .”

Ikael's voice became ferocious.

“Are you kidding the archangel?”

All the magic of the angels is in Ikael's head.

Because she is the source of all justice.

“So I am explaining. If you have already reached the result, you will never be able to go back.”

Sirone turned her gaze to Ikael again.

“Right now, this Valhalla action is enchanted with many things. I'm going to amplify the laser with Ataraxia and shoot it into the sky. Then, at an altitude of 6,000 kilometers, a new magic will be cast. By using divine particles to compress mass. Then, a light spear with a mass of 10 tons in terms of this planet will be completed.”

Ikael's face began to contort.

“And that spear will fall exactly on Arabot.”

“Sirone… … .”

It is possible.

Ikael, who preceded the destruction of Uriel and the birth of Kariel, could not have known that fact.

The biggest problem was the Valhalla action.

Sirone's explanation was lengthy, but if you use Valhalla Action's magic, it all happens in an instant.

“I’m sorry. By using the magic you taught me in this way. Points cannot be taught. You'll be able to predict and kill me before casting the spell. But in the end there will be no way to stop me. so… … .”

Sirone held out Peope with a desperate look.

“Save this fairy. It became like this to save me. Let me do what I can.”

Ikael shook his head as if to shake off the conflict.

Peope is not the problem.

If Sirone invokes God's Punishment, there won't be many beings who can survive in heaven.

No, the power was expected to be strong enough to destroy even an archangel if it was hit directly.

“If you cast that magic, do you think you can live? The price of a Valhalla action will immobilize you for a very long time. If you do that, your life will also be lost.”

“You still don’t know?”

As Sirone approached, Ikael stepped back as if to keep his distance.

In terms of power, she is second to none in Heaven, but at present all options are left to Sirone.

“I have a mission to destroy heaven. But I'm saying I'll give up the mission if I let Feope live. so… … .”

At a distance closer than before, Sirone's steps stopped abruptly.

“Whatever you decide, it has nothing to do with me dying.”

Ikael's nose wrinkled.

All circumstances and situations were perfectly organized in my head, but I couldn't make any choice.

“… … .”

Perong. Perong.

In the midst of a very long silence, the sound of war guns came from the sky from the 1st to 6th heaven.

---------------------------------------