[634] What Really Matters (4)

300 flashes of light spread out like a net from the incarnation of the light angel overlapping at one coordinate.

It was obviously simultaneous when seen by the human eye, but in reality it was mixed with extreme errors.

Each of the 299 incarnations, excluding Sirone, who opened the Force Dimension, threw spears at different times, and Nade, who cast spark magic, repeated birth and extinction among the flashes of light.

While the 87 spears stuck in the ground were gradually losing their light, 93 spears were descending from the sky, and the light angel was wielding the spear of light in an extremely fragmented time.

85, 73, 49... … .

The eyelids of the people who blinked right after the angelic punishment started bombardment were still not even 1/10 closed.

In the distance between the spear that had just arrived on the ground and the spear that was still in the light angel's hand, Nade realized in the realm of pure signals.

The fact that as the punishment of the angels continued, the time period of the light angels was extremely narrowing the possibility of avoiding them.

Three, two, one.

At the same time as avoiding the last two hundred and ninety-ninth spear, Nade's possibility was tied to Movement Zero.

The light angel of Sirone, who had canceled the force dimension, pierced the spear for the 300th time to the ground.

Of course, Nade was still standing at the center of the vast space.

However, it was only the final destination of an incident that had already passed through all the points.

And the window of light penetrated.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Ned, who was struck by one of the 300 spears that seemed to have been scattered in all directions, straightened his upper body and let out a scream.

The audience simply admired the gigantic feast of light, not even guessing the confrontation between time and electricity that unfolded in the vast expanse of the sea.

“It hit!”

When the flash that pierced through Nade's body disappeared, all the remaining participants concentrated their firepower.

“Take it down!”

Richard's magic crystal spewed out flames with maximum power, and Iruki's Nuclear Fusion created a huge explosion.

In the spot where Frings' ice wave swept away, Amy's Inferno fell in a parabolic arc.

It was a firepower worthy of the final chapter of the graduation exam, but the percentage of Nade floating on the analyst's retina was falling so slowly that it was difficult to confirm without looking closely.

“It’s no use. Anti-magic doesn't even go into teeth.”

“The fact that the 2,000 times system is too good is also a problem.”

Baikal also thought that in this case, it might have been better if the system went down.

“Kuaaaaa!”

Plasma spread around Nade, and a white light like a scratch spread out.

“You crazy child!”

With Nade at the center, the remaining 6 people scattered in all directions.

puck! Nade appeared in front of Frings as the air burned.

'Avoid... … !'

My body moves faster than I thought.

'… … do!'

Nade's fingertips brushed her skin.

- Druze Springs. 7th place finalized for graduation. There are 6 remaining participants.

'Does it mean death just by brushing?'

Starting with the final 10 players, the key was to hold out as long as possible because the feeling itself would change with a difference in rank.

“It will be a solid standard.”

Elizabeth asked.

“You mean the criteria for the final ranking?”

"no. It's too extravagant a criterion to use for ranking.”

"then?"

“It’s not about being number one in the kingdom.”

Baikal felt the joy of being a scout.

"It's going to be number one throughout the kingdom's history."

In complete chaos, the scout's attention was focused on who could withstand Nade, who was close to Mother Nature, and for how long.

'You can avoid it! I can fight more!'

After spitting out flames from his left leg, Richard flew up into the sky and looked down at Nade.

Nade disappeared at the same time that the cybernetic circuit predicts the movement and the ice magic bullet fires sharp ice bullets continuously.

-warning! out of frame!

As it disappeared faster than the moment captured by the lens capable of producing one hundred and twenty shots per second, Richard gritted his teeth and activated the propulsion of his left foot.

"shit!"

Nade's fingertips that appeared from the sky narrowly missed Richard, but he didn't avoid seeing them anyway.

“Huh!”

Before anyone knew it, Nade was attacking Amy, and the next moment he appeared in front of Iruki, Dante, and Sirone.

“Is nature fair?”

Without any calculations, only the will to annihilate the enemies caught in the electric field remained.

'I'm going to get hurt like this!'

After activating Pascal, Dante transformed all three-dimensional cubes into space movement magic circles.

'What a monster!'

When Nade rushed at Dante and entered the space movement magic circle, a thick bundle of electricity occupied all the movement coordinates and burned with light.

“Big!”

Just as Dante was gripping the amount of information enough to break Pascal, Nade escaped the magic circle and rushed towards Amy.

'Swallowing evolution!'

As I penetrated my consciousness again in samadhi-gyeong, the world became clear as if my skin had been peeled off, as the sensitivity that seemed to be able to count even the number of downy hairs enveloped my whole body.

“Aww!”

A lightning bolt barely passed the tip of her nose, and Nade disappeared immediately.

'Don't come to me!'

While everyone was thinking the same thing, Ned was run over by Sirone.

'Sirone is eliminated... … !'

As he lifted his upper body after activating the flame blast, Ned detoured and aimed at Richard.

'I can't do it! Shit!'

-warning! out of frame!

While Richard was retreating with the power of the jet, Nade's face suddenly came in front of him.

'what? I'm flying at great speed right now?'

Why is Nade always in front?

The fist was captured in the last shot of a frame that shoots one hundred and twenty frames per second.

The next moment, the whole world spun, and Richard's mechanism went out.

- Ainka Richards. Graduation Final Ranking 6th place confirmed. There are 5 remaining participants.

Being in the final 5 was a different feeling from entering the final 10.

'From now on, I'm at the top.'

The four people dealing with Nade developed a ranking fight while avoiding the transcendent electric shock.

'Is it me this time?'

As Nade rushed past Sirone, Iruki's eyes shot with electricity.

'Overdrive!'

The Servant's brain was analyzing all of Nade's possibilities, but even so, it was tight to meet the time.

“Keugh!”

Nade passed by Iruki, who hurriedly threw herself away, swinging her nails.

'damn! Can't stand it for long?'

At that moment, Nade stepped on the ground and stopped, then charged at Iruki again.

'Why is it only me twice!'

It was an unfair situation to the point where I felt that I had to ask after the exam.

“Oh, really!”

Nade's electric shock passed over the face of Iruki, who was lying flat.

'I'll see you later.'

As Iruki hurriedly raised his upper body, he saw Dante's serial magic circle, the white sword, aimed at him.

“Nade is not the only enemy.”

“Damn it… … !”

Iruki, who stabbed the spirit zone into Dante's Pascal, tried to cancel it, but the password was still like an iron wall.

'I can't make it on time!'

The moment the flames were mounted in front of the white sword, the albino said.

“Don’t think about it.”

The moment the flame amplified while penetrating the tunnel of the magic circle was about to pass through the muzzle.

"what?"

Cancellation disbanded Pascal.

“You are not a machine, Iruki.”

100 percent is the safest number in the world, but it is not the most efficient number.

“A 50% chance is enough for a human to do something. You believe in yourself, not in probability, in the life given to you.”

It wasn't a hit, it wasn't a perfect calculation.

However, at the point where he thought he was ready in a certain probability, he bet on the game, and at that point, Iruki's future also broke the existing limits and began to expand into infinite possibilities.

'Intuition? don't fit... … .'

While Dante was flustered by the unexpected situation, Amy jumped up and swung at Ifrit's fist.

“Nade and Iruki aren’t the only enemies.”

“Pooh.”

Looking at Amy, Dante blew his hair.

As long as the battery had already been detected, magic itself was impossible, and the flames struck him, lighting up the bracelet two thousand times.

- Air servant Dante. 5th place finalized for graduation. There are 4 participants remaining.

'done! I'm almost there!'

The eyes of Amy, Iruki, and Sirone became more intense than before.

“Kuaaaaa!”

As the number decreased, the number of times he had to deal with Nade increased, but the battlefield of chaos finally began to form a new system as the abilities of Sammae Evolution, Overdrive, and Time Buddha Explosion were fully demonstrated.

'We're really crazy! It's so fast, but no one gets eliminated!'

As the Sammae evolution continued, Amy felt the pain as if thousands of needles were piercing her body, but that pain was the most powerful weapon for survival.

Nade, who was not able to do it, aimed at Iruki this time, but the overdrive with added intuition was showing a much higher efficiency than before.

'Unstable.'

It's not a 100% chance, so it could fall into hell the next moment.

'But it feels great!'

For the first time, I felt that I was alive, and the detonation equation was calculated at a tremendous speed, knocking on Ned's body.

'You have to be right.'

It ended in misfire several times, but once it exploded, the power of the atomic bomb was incomparable to before.

Then, fire strikes and photon cannons flew from the left and right at the same time.

“Nade's magic power level is currently 1.21 billion magicles. I dropped it a lot.”

“But it still makes no sense.”

Literally, Nade was an impregnable fortress, and after 20 minutes, the fatigue of the three reached its limit.

'That's really nasty.

At least, while Shirone evaded in a stable state, the graduation exam went to the survival of Amy and Iruki.

'I just need to hold on a little longer.'

Anyway, since Iruki wasn't 100% perfect, the more time passed, the better Amy was.

'but… … .'

As the senses of Samadhi evolution began to adapt, I felt that my alertness was diminishing.

'It can't end like this.'

A thirsty man digs a well, and Amy tried a last resort.

'You just have to eliminate Nade!'

Elizabeth took notice of Amy, who destroyed the position and charged.

“You’re betting.”

“It is a good decision. In my opinion, there is no chance if it is not now.”

Amy clenched her fists at Nade, who was approaching like a ghost as she cast spark magic in succession.

No matter how great magic is, schema is powerful because the body that casts the magic is human after all.

'The moment they attack me is an opportunity!'

Even so, in order to hit Nade, who evaded the moment he touched his body, it was necessary to capture the moment of the counter and the counter of the counter.

'Remember the self-image!'

Nade comes close to Amy, swinging her fingernails.

“Keugh!”

Amy, whose red eyes flashed at the fastest speed ever, twisted her waist and swung her fist.

'I'm retired. Is it to find life beyond death?'

While Baikal holds its breath and watches.

'This is the end, you bastard!'

Amy's fist hit Nade's chin squarely.

---------------------------------------