[385] Volume 16 - The Meaning of Survival (7)

Alpheas had a bitter laugh.

“The vastness of the universe may be only the size of dust to beings outside. So what do we mean in this universe? That terrifying truth is the true intention that Gong-Gyeol wants to convey. Sirone took the first step toward the truth.”

The two did not speak for a long time. I knew that the sights that came to my mind were no different.

“How close was that child to the truth?”

19 years ago, for the first time in school history, a student passed the 7th stage of survival.

It was an unlocker who transcended the essence of humanity, who realized the truth of scale.

“Adrias Miro. While building the school, I hoped that at least one genius would surpass me. But the emotion I felt when I saw the maze was fear. Perhaps that child was a human who should not have been born into this world.”

Alpheas was also a genius recognized by the kingdom when he was young, but Miro was different.

He is a student who is so eccentric and idealistic that even the word genius cannot express everything.

“Shortly after the survival test, there were 20 judges. I can't guarantee that it didn't affect me. Everyone wants to be a genius, but it must have been a curse to Miro.”

Olivia's eyes calmed down.

"me… … Will you be resentful?”

“It was a difficult problem. We all lived because of Miro's sacrifice. And after 19 years, Sirone is standing here.”

That's why it's anxious.

History does not repeat itself just because some parts are similar, but the judgment of the 20 people was the original sin of mankind, which should not even occur forever.

“Don’t leap. The 'Holy War' doesn't move just because it broke through the cowardice. At that time, Miro was already a completed scale wizard. Even if it was sent out to society as it is, it would have been at the highest level in the world.”

“I guess so. But in the end, the level leads to the state.”

There is no limit yet. Then there was no guarantee that the feared event would not happen.

The appearance of Sirone laughing at the compliments of her friends resembled the sunny Maze 19 years ago.

'Miro put the lives of all mankind in his bowl. Sirone, what are you going to put in that huge vessel?'

On the final holiday of Week 4, survival assessments were completed.

One-Man Team (1)

Assessment of mental activity at week 5.

Mental activity, which evaluates the change in the shape of the spirit zone, has greatly increased in difficulty since the 5th week, with the advanced technique of 'joint' applied to the four-way method.

Since it is an element that is opposite to durability, Sirone was concentrating on the ceremony differently from other days.

Of course, Sirone's thoughts are quick and reasonable.

However, it was easy to get hurt if you thought of it as an event that evaluates such a human level of disposition.

Specializing in mental activity, the mental fluidity of wizards is unmatched.

For them, belief is the absence of belief.

It was their spirit that they did not hesitate to assimilate with others, even monsters.

“Aryan Sirone. Next.”

At the teacher's call, Sirone entered the Image Zone.

The evaluation standard for the spirit zone was 20 meters in diameter. As the floor became transparent, the spirit of the sphere appeared around Sirone.

A beep sounded and the first question was presented.

It was a figure-eight filter with two circles sticking up and down.

The difficulty of the 5th week was to 'joint' certain sections of the mind to create a symmetrical spirit zone.

'What is it, isn't it quite difficult?'

I thought there would be time to spare when I watched other people's evaluation, but it was a mistake in judgment when I actually experienced it.

Sirone threw a joint into the spirit zone with all her might. Meanwhile, the filter was approaching indifferently.

10 meters. 5 meters.

Every time the distance narrowed, my heart thumped.

The moment the last meter was left, the center of the spirit zone tightened strongly and the filter passed Sirone.

The green light of pass came on ahead.

'Whoa, it was really dangerous.'

The problems that followed were in the shape of a figure 8 and tilted at various angles.

Unlike the first time, Sirone managed the spirit zone leisurely and passed the filter.

Mental fluidity is poor, but he has another weapon, great insight. Once he grasped the core, he was a genius who could not be matched by anyone in terms of application.

Sirone, who passed all the heat problems, got 5 points, but her face coming down the image zone was not bright.

It was progressed until the 5th week, but there was not a single student who received 4 points yet.

The high level of students also played a role, but this is because mental activity is an item that can be learned according to training.

Since Class Two had already taken the 30th week's evaluation once, they should have mastered the level of difficulty of the 5th week.

But that fact was no consolation. This is because there are great people in Class Three.

“Next turn, Arin. Come up to the image zone.”

The students who were chatting became quiet.

It was rare in society to see a demonstration of a magician equipped with a weapon called menarche as well as a mental magician.

The fire in the Image Zone dimmed, and Arin's Spirit Zone became visible with a blue glow.

Among the five patterns prepared in the 5th week, the 8-shaped filter that Sirone used appeared again this time.

However, Arin did not take any action.

Even when the filter came up to only 5 meters in front of me, I just stared at it.

“What, why are you like that?”

The moment the filter came right in front of her nose, Arin's spirit zone oscillated like water and her center tightened in an instant.

"wow… … .”

Exclamations came from Class One. Even Sirone, who was well aware of Arin's skills, opened his mouth.

'Nonsense. How can the human mind change like that?'

To Arin, the world is only filled with feelings.

The turbid desires spewed out by all kinds of human groups.

If the essence of thought was not as free as water, he would have already gone mad, buried in anger, sexual desire, and hostility toward himself.

That's why Arcane also evaluated Arin as the best talent in the spirit world.

After the demonstration, which was close to a stunt, the number of filter volume ratio of 99.9% appeared on the instrument panel.

It meant that the form proposed by Image Zone was molded without any errors.

'It's not easy after all, graduating class.'

Thus, the evaluation of all students was completed.

As expected, until the 5th week, the discrimination power was not great, so almost everyone scored 5 points, and only Eider got two questions wrong.

The first 4-pointer in mental activity this year. Sirone did not feel that disgrace was someone else's business.

'It looks like he has a similar disposition to me.'

Even at a young age, Eider showed off his strong durability, going up to the 5th level in the survival evaluation. It can be seen as a similar tendency to sirone.

The only difference was that he lacked Sirone's insight.

'Because I'm still young. If I train for one or two more years, I don't know if I'll be able to graduate.'

Eider came down from the Image Zone sullenly. Then he looked at Sirone and smiled pitifully.

“Ew, that’s very difficult.”

“It was a waste. I wish I had done the joint a little quicker.”

Eider sighed.

“If it was that easy, I did it right away. I'm not an absolute genius like you.”

There is room for saying that he can become a moderately awesome genius, it must be the youngest's wit. And he wasn't really an ugly person either.

"What are you talking about? I am the youngest graduating student. It's proof that you're standing shoulder to shoulder with us enough. Besides, mental activity is an event in which proficiency increases with training.”

“Honestly, until last year, I thought so too. However, when I saw Class 3 that was uploaded this time, those thoughts went away. Like Arin noona, they are all very talented.”

Even in Sirone's opinion, the current Class Three squad was no match for any prestigious family in the kingdom.

“Besides, my major is Air. In fact, it's the most common. There are also rumors that people with no talent choose.”

Attribute affinity is closely related to omnipotence. But in any case, nothing is absolute.

"it is not so. How many strong players are there in the Air series? Sabina is also strong and... … .”

Sirone shut his mouth.

The example of Gaold, the head of the Magic Association, was perfect to cheer up Eider, but he didn't want to leave any room for leaking secrets.

“Hey, Eider! what are you doing there Can't you come out quickly?"

The screamer shouted in the distance. I was already annoyed at losing 20 points, but even flirting with Sirone caused a tantrum.

“Ah, I will go. As you know, it is the youngest survival strategy.”

"haha! Yes, go quickly.”

Eider turned around and ran away. As much as he is still immature in his skills, he is trying to benefit from being good at human relationships.

In a way, he seems modest, but honestly admitting it was not something I hated.

'Work hard, Eider.'

* * *

After the evaluation, the students headed to the cafeteria.

The senior class had a flexible meal time according to their schedule, so the food was also prepared in a buffet style.

The friends sat across from and beside Sirone and continued the conversation they had been having since Nade entered.

“Then I got a cramp in my calf. I was in so much pain that I crouched down, but they said that I farted because I exerted too much force.”

“Kick-kick, that must have been embarrassing. So how did it go?”

“My legs are sore, but my mouth is bursting with laughter. That's why you laughed and then cried! Fuhahaha!”

Sirone held her belly button and stamped her feet.

“I think I know what it is. Oh, in that situation, tears come to my eyes.”

“Ooh, hey! Are you talking about that while eating?”

Contrary to the disgust, a smile was on Amy's lips. She was the one who found more peace of mind than last year when she joined the senior class of Shirone and the others.

"hi? If it's okay, can I join you?"

Class Two's Maya approached with a tray.

“Ah, of course.”

When Nade pulled out the chair next to her, Maya bowed and sat down.

"thank you. It looks so interesting, so I thought I'd give it a listen.”

Iruki said.

“You better not listen. Nade's laughing code is far from the dining table.”

“Ho-ho-ho! are you okay. My stomach is pretty good too. What? What?"

Sirone stared at Maya, who naturally got along with her friends with her unique affinity.

Uncommon brown skin. Except for the fact that he was always in last place in graduation exams, he actually knew nothing.

Sensing Sirone's gaze, Maya turned her head.

"what? Why are you staring at an extramarital woman? Surely there is a lover next to her?”

"uh? No, I just... … .”

When Sirone hesitated, Amy snorted.

“Hey, what about a lover?”

Maya playfully glanced at Amy and cut a large piece of meat into her mouth. And he drank the water that was placed next to him.

Sirone and the others stopped cutting their knives at the same time and looked at her. She didn't taste it, but seemed to force it through.

Realizing everyone's gaze, Maya hurriedly spoke.

"Oh sorry. Didn't it look a bit bad?"

Sirone shook his hand.

“No, not at all. just a bit unique If you eat water and meat together, you won’t feel the taste.”

Maya nodded bitterly.

"that's right. But I can't help it. I have to eat to maintain this body. I have a constitution that doesn’t gain weight well.”

Nade asked.

“Do you have any reason to gain weight?”

"of course. My major is sound magic. It's also a buff series. The higher the volume, the wider the range of effect and the higher the efficiency.”

Iruki, who was eating vegetables with his front teeth, asked.

“You don’t necessarily get bigger just because you gain weight, do you?”

“It could be. But in my case, it seemed to work to some extent. In fact, he has no talent. That’s why I’m desperately trying to grow my body.”

Realizing the reason, Sirone ignored it and said while taking a fork at the salad on the plate.

“I think you’ll look pretty when you lose weight.”

Then, this time, everyone paid attention to Sirone.

Seeing the shocked expressions on her friends' faces, Sirone realized her mistake and hastily apologized.

“Ah, no, of course she’s pretty now, but I thought she would get prettier if she lost weight… … . That's what it meant.”

Maya, who had been staring at Sirone even more blankly, soon changed her expression and smiled happily.

"thank you. Sirone is really kind. I wish Amy.”

“Heh, that’s good. Sooner or later you will find out too. What a bursting personality.”

Maya smiled and cut the meat again.

“Whoops, is it? I'm good... … .”

Between Maya and Amy's carrots and sticks, the three boys just buried their faces in the tray.

---------------------------------------