[561] Scramble Royale (2)

While Maya was putting food on the plate, the men's gaze followed steadily.

In addition to her beautiful appearance, the wide range of changes aroused even wonder.

“You look really pretty. The picture I saw in the red book wasn't a lie.”

Amy asked, turning to Nade.

“Red book? What is it?"

"huh? Ahaha! Nothing."

It was something I could never say to Amy.

"What's the matter anyway? Is it because of Sirone?”

Even Amy thought that was the only reason.

Sirone left for heaven, but Maya's face was never seen even once in school.

She seemed more lonely than before, and Sirone felt bad about contributing to the current situation.

Perhaps reading her thoughts, Amy sighed and said.

“Ask to eat together.”

"but… … .”

Amy forgave her, but she wasn't blind enough to not realize it was her last chance.

“It’s really okay. We have 15 weeks left, and we can’t keep going like this, can we?”

Nade, who judged that Amy's words had a point, shouted as if to ease Sirone's burden.

“Maya, come this way! let's eat together!"

Maya, who was chewing on rice, put down the tableware and walked over to Sirone and the others, but did not bring the tray.

“It’s been a while, everyone.”

Maya's smile was still nice, but the atmosphere was completely different from before, perhaps because her appearance had changed.

“Yeah, it’s been a while. How have you been?"

Maya just shook her head and spoke to Amy.

"Sorry. I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable. Still, I thought we should meet and say hello.”

“What are we saying hello to each other? Don't do that, come this way. We always ate together before.”

“No, today is the last day. I won't be coming to a restaurant from now on.”

Everyone in the senior class was paying attention to Maya's words.

“Are you not coming? why?"

“You know, Amy.”

Amy's brow furrowed softly.

“Isn’t that a bit absurd? you are an adult too Statements like that only burden us. If there's something that bothers you, how about bumping into it and solving it?”

Maya smiled bitterly at Amy's unchanging appearance even though she hadn't seen her in a long time.

“I envy you, Amy.”

“What, what? suddenly."

"Sorry. But I'm not strong like you. Yes, even if I put a burden on you, I have no choice but to do this. Because I know too well that I can't stand it.”

Maya added in a low voice.

“So you handle it. I know it's selfish, but I'm definitely thinking of graduating this time.”

I could feel how determined she was to come here.

“And Sirone.”

"huh?"

“To be honest, it was very difficult. It hurt so much.”

“Uh, that… … .”

"are you okay. 'Cause I can stand it now But that doesn't mean I've completely forgotten you."

There was a buzz in the restaurant, and amidst the noise, someone clenched their fists in anger.

'As expected, I still love Sirone... … .'

“So if you ever change your mind, you can come to me anytime. I'll be waiting for you.”

“Whiyu.”

A whistle passed.

“But if not… … .”

Maya, who was hesitant, tightened her eyes and said.

“I hope we never run into each other until the graduation exam. My heart, can you understand?”

Sirone put her complex emotions behind and nodded.

"OK got it."

I'm sorry for Maya, but my heart wasn't as pounding as when I received the ultimatum from Amy.

Then, all of a sudden, I had this idea.

Maybe the tears shed last night weren't just because of the sadness for Peope.

Expecting a desperate reaction, Maya's eyes turned to sadness.

'What were you expecting?'

Did he think that if he hit Baejin like this, Sirone would shed tears and catch it?

Maya shook her head inwardly.

I thought I had endured it, but when I saw Sirone's face, my heart was pounding, and my resolutions for months were about to crumble like a sandcastle.

"then… … how are you."

After saying goodbye, Maya returned to her seat, handed over the almost untouched tray to the kitchen, and left the dining room.

Even in the midst of numerous gazes chasing her, Amy's gaze was unique.

'what? The one who is really strong is you... … .'

Looking at Sirone, who was chewing on the bread with a bitter expression, let out a sigh from the depths of his chest.

* * *

Sirone and the others spent time at the cafeteria before class started.

Sirone confided in what had happened at the study meeting, and Amy, who had heard everything the other night, had no problem understanding.

However, it was the first time about the research society in the dark.

“A hide-and-seek study group? Was there a study group like that at school?”

Nade answered.

“There are a few more besides that. If we match the number of people, we don’t have to hold a presentation like we did, so most of us won’t know.”

In fact, the presentation had a great influence on the fact that the Society for the Study of Supernatural Psychics became known.

“By the way, juniors, I sent them back, but why the hell did they follow me?”

Iruki said.

“You must be thinking the same as me. Graduation is approaching, so I started moving slowly. To reveal the secret of Istas.”

“But you were quiet last year, right?”

Nade touched his chin and said.

“When you gave up on the evaluation, rumors spread around the school. Istas was banned from entering for a while. Including us members of the research society.”

"ah… … .”

It was the period when the National Intelligence Service was hiding in the school to find Gaold.

“Because they are extremely sensitive, the switch was turned on. There is definitely something about Estas. It's the hide-and-seek research group that's at stake today, but it's highly likely that other research groups have already approached.”

Sirone spread her arms in frustration.

“Who is the president of the Hide and Seek Research Club? Don't you know?”

“Yeah, I’m just guessing. The Hide and Seek Research Club is running a black market on campus. I also made and sold some inventions. Perhaps the most likely candidate is... … .”

"it's me."

When I turned my head at the sudden voice, Frings, who was currently ranked third in the advanced class, was standing there.

"also… … Was it you?”

Nade asked with an annoyed expression.

A face with long upper and lower eyelashes like flower petals and a thin mustache.

He is a typical genius with a very fast thinking speed, but his personality is perverted and sly, so he never got along with Sirone and the others.

Sirone opened her eyes and fired.

“Why did you tail me? Besides, are you insane that you are instructing your juniors to use attack magic?”

“Whoa, why is this? The best star of the graduating class, the juniors have some fun.”

It was a voice that felt as good as its appearance.

“This is just the beginning. Hide-and-seek research groups are hiding everywhere. For instance, I know that Amy went into your room yesterday and had a tryst.”

Sirone's eyebrows twitched.

He wasn't immature enough to be spied on, but there was no way he could hide Amy's coming to his room.

'are you okay. I wouldn't have been able to get close.'

Unlike Sirone, who was relieved, Amy was furious at the strange misunderstanding.

“Sounds like a tryst. How is it that everything you think is bad?”

“Whoops, Amy. You still smell good, no perfume can make your body smell.”

Frings' eyelids, which sucked in enough air to stick to their nostrils, trembled, revealing the whites.

'dirty… … .'

Voyeurism, a personality obsessed with the sense of smell to the point of madness, and even a greasy tone.

He was a man who made me want to run away from the world rather than live under the same sky.

“Anyway, it’s good to look forward to it. 15 weeks until graduation. Because most of the Shadow Research Society are waiting for it.”

Nade responded with a snort.

"okay. You'll have to scrape together as much as you can. We are a small elite.”

Frings put his index finger under his nose and pointed at Sirone and the others.

“The middle of Class One, the bottom of the graduating class, the fugitives’ union. I don't think there's an elite higher in rank than me, right?"

“This is real!”

When Nade jumped up, Sirone grabbed his arm and stopped him.

“Be patient. It doesn’t matter if we are confident.”

Nade clenched his fists as he watched Frings move away.

“Oddly enough, just looking at that kid makes me want to beat him. I'm more pissed off than the old Iruki!”

Iruki ignored the last words.

“Anyway, sooner or later the war will begin. From now on, we must be fully prepared.”

Amy raised her hand.

"for a moment. Why are we stuck there? To be clear, I have no intention of getting involved in your 'stupid blah blah' study group.”

“It’s supernatural psychic science.”

“Whatever it is, don’t do it. I don't know if it's a portrait of Sirone, but graduation is my top priority.”

Sirone got to the point.

“Then let’s put it together. How many research societies are aiming for Estas?”

“Hmm, probably all of the shadowy research associations are aiming for it. Among them, the organization to be most wary of must be Fermi’s Golden Ring.”

It was the core backbone that turned the economy of the shadows, and the strongest research society with as many as five members of the graduating class.

“First of all, Fermi is the chairman, and there is an Electric Monster Liken who is his right-hand man. Sona's Hercy as the staff member, and Alchemy's Richard as the acting leader. And one more... … .”

Iruki pointed to the shop window and said.

“There it is. Cayden.”

Cayden of the Cross.

He was an honest-looking handsome man with neatly combed auburn hair.

Because of the famous ring of gold, Nade knows the position of the executives, but he knew little about Caden.

“Yeah, we have a team of 5 including Cayden. Right now, the rankings are torn, but until the middle of the first half, I was monopolizing the 1st to 5th places.”

Sirone asked.

“What rank is Caden now?”

“I’m in seventh place now.”

“Wow, but you’re still class one.”

When Caden suddenly turned his head, Ned lowered his head in surprise.

“Ugh! I stare. be careful. Because the sixth sense is very good. If Dorothy has a gut, that guy has a sixth.”

Cayden, who was glaring at Sirone and the others in displeasure, left, and Nade pretended to wipe off his sweat.

“Phew, I almost got caught.”

Iruki asked.

“Unlike you, why are you so nervous?”

“That guy can be a little nervous.”

“Hoo?”

It was a word that was not easily heard from Nade.

“Actually, I don’t know. Even within the Ring of Gold, there are not many cases where Kayden is active. To be honest, I have a straightforward personality, but I don’t know why I get along with Fermi.”

“For example, the feeling is strange.”

In Nade's language, it meant dangerous.

“Well, actually, all the members of the golden ring are people of interest. Besides, Fermi said he made a lot of money this time.”

'Right, I did.'

Sirone recalled the story she had heard from Miro.

In exchange for forging signatures at Undercoder, Fermi earned 190 billion gold.

Even if it was paid in installments, more than 10 billion gold was coming in, so the level of magic he used must be on a different level than before.

“Okay, I received the golden ring. And what next?”

Nade stretched out his index and middle fingers.

“The second strongest force is, of course, the Hide and Seek Research Society. Besides running the market on its own, Frings' skills are not inferior to those of the ring of gold. You don't have to say anything about Fishaw's Ant Language Study Group, and you can't ignore the doll collection research group. Because the president is none other than Anchal.”

“Aren’t you? Was it a research society in the shadows?”

Sirone looked back at the woman with straight hair who was reading a book while drinking coffee on the terrace.

He wore an eyepatch over his left eye, but he wasn't wearing one.

It is said that she wears an eyepatch to seal the energy of the demonic eye accumulated in her family for generations, but a scout once interviewed that if she had broken the seal in last year's graduation exam, she would have been the top graduate.

“What rank is Anchal now?”

“Ninth.”

'It's class one.'

Above all, it was surprising that he was occupying a top class without using his secret weapon.

“Golden wheel, hide and seek, ant language, collecting dolls. Are you saying that all the members here are enemies?”

Iruki shook his finger.

“No, there is still one more left. I'll be sorry if I skip this study meeting while discussing the study group in the shadows.”

"huh? What did you miss?”

Nade said with a serious expression.

“Women’s Human Body Research Society.”

---------------------------------------