[582] In the name of God (1)

The day was getting dark as the 6th day Scramble Royale passed half way.

Amy, who was returning to the hideout after checking Iruki's call signal, stopped walking when she saw Cayden sitting on a rock.

His body, which had been resting for two days after being injured by Sirone, was in a state of recovery, but the atmosphere was different from before the start of Scramble Royale.

“Kayden.”

"good."

Caden said without looking at Amy.

'Kayden doesn't have a hand.'

Today, I participated from the beginning, but there is no collection of scramble royale.

As expected by Iruki, this could also be a strategy to drive Hercy away, but there was no activity itself.

“Are you going to let me go?”

"okay. It doesn't matter if you walk Kang. It'll be annoying though.”

I didn't like the taste of being ignored.

'What are you thinking?'

Cayden looked at the stars floating in the night sky.

“I keep my promise. I'm just waiting for Scramble Royale to end."

He realized that it was impossible to kill Sirone in a team battle where the combination of hands was more important than force.

“I admit that I saw it lightly. it's my defeat But will it be the same next time?”

If Sirone could confirm the opponent's ability and find a solution in the shortest time, there was no way it could be said to be Cayden.

“Sirone is great. It is the ability to control time. But now i know The real match is when Scramble Royale is over.”

“If you do that, your life is over.”

“It’s already over.”

Cayden looked at the cross sword stuck in the ground.

“Perhaps my cursed fate began when I threw away my sword. Is there anything different about magic? It's enough to find something new again.”

Sighing, Amy walked to the side facing Caden and leaned her back against a tree.

"Come to think of it, this is the first time I've talked to you alone in my senior year."

The red face of the Karmis family and the cross star of the Cross family are a symbolic lineage that raises the status of the Tormia kingdom beyond political competence.

Even in fierce rivalries in Korea, there have been frequent cases of holding hands when facing other countries.

“I saw it at banquets when I was young.”

Cayden recalled that time.

In the eyes of the youngest entrant to the Kaizen Swords Academy, Amy was nothing more than a pathetic girl wandering the back alleys without doing anything.

“Huh, but to hear the two of us meet at the magic school. Is this also a strange fate?”

“Confess to Maya.”

said Amy, lifting her back from the tree.

“You are fine. If you approach him wholeheartedly, he might change his mind. Do you really have to vent your anger like this?”

"If I win Maya's love, is it because it's good for you?"

Amy frowned.

“Why are you so twisted? Can’t we just listen kindly when people say it with good intentions?”

“Just because it sounds bad doesn’t mean it isn’t good. Especially if it comes from the mouth of the Karmis family.”

"What are you talking about?"

Cayden grabbed the handle of the cross sword and stood up.

“The cross star of the Cross family allows you to exert your destiny-ordained talents to the limit.”

"I know it's great."

“Are you great?”

Caden's lips twitched.

“To put it another way, you can do nothing except the talents that fate has ordained for you.”

“… … .”

"okay. The red face of the Karmis family. The ability to back up your self-image and immediately correct errors takes effort. But the cross star requires no effort. Because you were meant to do it from birth. But I mean... … .”

Caden smiled self-deprecatingly.

“Being able to do something well doesn’t make you happy. Happiness is doing what you want, no matter how insignificant it is.”

“That is an arrogant idea.”

Amy remembered her childhood days when she couldn't figure out what to do.

"okay. Some would say it sounds like a full stomach.”

Cayden raised his crosssword vertically.

“At first, I thought it was a blessing. Being born differently from other crosses. I could be the best in anything I wanted.”

That's the Red Cross.

“But it comes at a cost. sacrifice. Do you understand, Karmis?”

Caden's face crumpled.

“If I really want to, I can’t be the best.”

He wanted to become an artist.

“The woman I truly love is!”

The black man disappeared from Caden's eyes.

“You will never love me!”

'Live... … !'

Amy widened her stride.

“I am the illegitimate child of fate! You are born with a cursed fate that will never make you happy! So kill! I will kill her sirone, her beloved, who took her away!”

Cayden bent over like a demon and spread his life.

“You know that feeling of just doing well? Do you know the misery of not being able to actually do anything?”

cried Amy.

“What do you know! You live your life on your own!”

Caden's brow narrowed.

"If you're complaining because you're frustrated, I'd listen to it all night long, but people who ruin other people's lives don't deserve to whine!"

“… … Move. This is your last chance.”

“Can’t get out. I don't even have to go to Sirone. I will punish with my own hands those unseemly meddling in my dating history. That's how I live.”

“You will regret attacking Cross, Karmis.”

The cross sword was entwined with blue lightning.

“Never regret it. If there is something I want to do, it is karmis that I have to do it.”

The flames of a thousand cities blazed around Amy.

The eyes of the magic swordsman and gunner, who can operate magic and schema at the same time, collide... … .

'Lightning Impact!'

No matter who came first, they rushed at each other.

'Flame Strike!'

The two bloodlines that are said to be the best in the kingdom have been promoted as orthodox.

* * *

The fifth scramble royale has been summoned.

The retirement of the eye mask was a good thing for the Sirone team, but it was uneasy that Amy did not attend the midterm call.

Moreover, Nade's whereabouts are still unknown.

Amid a series of unknown events, no one was able to guess which way the weight of the game was tilting.

'You can do what you can. Let's keep Fisho in check!'

Tasked with disrupting the combined team's scramble collection, Sabina quickly penetrated deep behind enemy lines.

'what?'

A chill with a gloomy aura was felt everywhere.

'It's Frings!'

Since meeting him was supposed to be avoided, Sabina cast teleportation.

“Huh!”

However, the escape route was already completely blocked.

'An incredibly huge chill. Where the hell did they push in from?'

“Got it, Sabina.”

Breaking the frozen leaves with his face, Frings appeared.

Can a human face show such vicious emotions?

The moment Sabina saw him distraught, she cast Shining Magic without thinking about anything else.

'Rescue signal!'

Three flash grenades shot into the sky hit the dome already blocked by the ice wall and were diffusely reflected.

The air was completely frozen within 3 seconds of discovering the springs.

“No need to worry. I won't piss you off anymore."

Frings has changed the way desires are resolved.

“I mean, it doesn’t matter how you feel. Either unpleasant or pleasant.”

To him, humans were now mere puppets that screamed at the push of a button.

“I will twist you.”

The moment she finished speaking, Sabina spun explosively.

'Air flower.'

Forty rounds of air cuts per second spread in all directions and scraped the inner wall of the dome, but the springs cut into the tight gap and closed the distance.

'Caught!'

Sabina's eyes twinkled and the direction of rotation reversed in an instant, air rushing toward her.

"inhale?"

Air Crash!

The atmosphere grinds the dome from the inside as it spins like a giant propeller.

"You mean there's only one number?"

ice wave!

Ice surged like blades from under Frings' feet and attacked Sabina.

Kaka Kaka Kaka!

Even as the atmospheric propellers shattered the ice, Frings continued his magic.

“Huhhhh!”

As we moved from a battle of skill to a battle of magic, Sabina's rotational speed gradually began to decrease.

'It's freezing.'

The mana of Frings, who revealed his true colors, soared without knowing the limit.

5 minutes after that.

Sabina struggled, her legs buried in the rising ice twisted like a twist.

"profit!"

“It held up pretty well, but… … .”

As Frings stepped into the air, a column of ice rose and formed a staircase.

“My thirst only got worse.”

“Huh!”

Frings rose to Sabina's height and cupped her face.

“Are you afraid? What do you think I will do to you?”

Suddenly realizing, he removed his hand from Sabina's face.

"that's right. What if I just let them go? Wouldn't that be fun too?"

As Sabina glared at him, Frings' mouth split grotesquely.

“Of course, that won’t happen.”

“You pervert!”

“I don’t think I’ve ever seen a true pervert… … .”

As the ice froze on Frings's fingertips, they bent like the claws of a beast.

"stop."

Sabina turned her head when Frings, who was trying to grab the thin nape of her neck, stopped moving.

“… … Nade?”

Nade, who had not been seen since yesterday, was standing in the shade of the forest with his head bowed.

“Is this the appearance of the hero at last? But what to do? Even if the likes of you came, Sabina was already finished.”

Deed Deed Deed!

Feeling the vibration through the ice pillar, Frings looked down at the floor and saw blue electricity running through the ground.

'Ice doesn't conduct electricity.'

Anyway, water embodied by magic is also an insulator unless it is given an ionic battery, which is a specialized type of hydraulic power.

For a while, the metal pieces buried underground completely shattered the ice pillars as they rotated.

'Now!'

Taking advantage of the opportunity, Sabina casts teleportation and escapes from Frings' grip.

“Nade! how did... … !”

"Do not come!"

Nade shouted without raising his face.

“Just go. And never come here again.”

Knowing Nade's secret, Sabina couldn't bear to turn away.

“But Nade… … .”

“You promised. please."

Nade is Nade no matter how it changes.

Because he was in front of Sabina, he was able to come to her rescue even when his true face was revealed.

"okay. You have to be careful.”

Sabina turned to Nade and quickly left the battlefield.

“Hmm.”

Frings, who blinked at him, twisted his mustache.

“This is interesting.”

“… … okay?"

“Do you know why I sent her? She's been curious since before. So in short, she's willing to sacrifice herself for the woman. So what if you reversed it?”

Nade still didn't move.

“I will torment you right before you die. And I'll make you beg Rather torment Sabina. huh? Will it be fun? is it?"

“… … Caen. Aren't you going to?"

“Kang?”

“Because of that… … I'm collecting cards... … It's late.”

Frings checked his master card and confirmed that it was the same hand as Nade's.

“Yeah, don’t. So, you wasted your time. Ha ha ha ha ha! This is so funny!”

"I'm glad."

Frings' laughter stopped.

“I don’t want to trouble my friends.”

Finally, Nade made his way through the darkness of the forest to Frings.

“Heh heh, sorry. Soon, you will cause a lot of trouble to your friends... … .”

The moment he saw Nade's face, Frings' expression hardened.

"you… … .”

“Then, let’s begin.”

Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

A tremendous roar shook the mountain.

“Nade!”

Sabina, who was descending the mountain, hurriedly turned around and looked at the summit.

“Three, my God… … .”

Huge bundles of electricity surged up like hair, devastating the area.

---------------------------------------