Bae Jin Bae (4)

The 2nd Valkyrie Legion, which was stationed in various places, marched rapidly toward the Kanian Plateau.

Fraud was the worst.

“Sheesh! Is this the result of devoting your whole life to training? To become a meat shield for the demons.”

"Didn't you hear the general? It's a war anyway. It's not about being tied up and being dragged away, it's about going to fight.”

"gibberish. All those who live are meant to live. You heard about it, Lieutenant Colonel of the Magic Corps.”

Personnel transfer is common in the military, but it was a powerful poison in a situation that required noble sacrifices like now.

“I heard that you are acquainted with the top leadership. I wish. We fight when we want to fight, and we fall when we want to quit.”

“It’s a woman. So what do you see? To save one life, you did that with a few guys... …

someone cut off

“Hey, infantry.”

The members of the 6th Battalion of the Wizards walking beside them were revealing that they were going to die.

“Watch your mouth. Then the jaw is torn.”

The foot soldiers who checked the marks on their uniforms shut their mouths with displeased expressions.

'Unlucky wizards.'

Even if the ranks were the same, the treatment between infantry and wizards in the army was vastly different.

“Did I say something wrong?”

Normally, it would have stopped here, but the foot soldiers were also very sensitive to the stress of death.

“Don’t be so arrogant about using some magic. If your boss ran away, you'd feel ashamed. Or what? Did you guys also get and eat her rice cake dumplings from her?”

"what? The woman?"

Berik of the magic unit violated military law and left the ranks, grabbing the neck of an infantryman.

"Say it again. Is she that woman?”

“Keugh! Aren’t you going to let this go?”

The infantry had a way to respond if they were in close contact, but they didn't want to be covered in shit together.

“Go back, you bastard. If you want to die, you die alone. Don't get me involved in it."

"why? You made a lot of noise when you insulted the lieutenant colonel, so you don't want to die either, do you?"

The company commander's voice fell like lightning.

"what's the matter!"

The magic unit's colleagues stopped Berik, and the infantrymen's faces turned pale.

The company commander of the infantry unit confirmed that the soldiers of the magic unit had left the procession.

“These are crazy! War is a joke! You two are out of line! I will behead you by military law!”

Currently, the only thing Valkyrie could rely on was discipline, so even the company commander had no mercy.

“Stop it.”

All the commanders must have had the same opinion, so the company commander turned his head away unable to hide his anger.

"ah??????

Corps commander Garcia was sitting on a horse.

“Loyalty!”

It was no coincidence that he stopped by the 6th Battalion after following a long procession on patrol.

'It turns out like this.'

This was the reason why the Valkyrie General Commander's authority was all about saving one person.

'It would have been better if there had been no exceptions'

only… …

What he realized while fighting countless battles with the demons is that the general's resourcefulness transcends that of humans.

'There must be a reason.'

There was no dissatisfaction with what he judged, whether it was personal feelings or the strategic big picture.

“Hey, what is your job title?”

Garcia asked Verique.

“Corporal Berrik! I am the 3rd Squad Leader of the 6th Battalion! My job is fire magic ranged support and wide area kill!”

“It is right to act to protect the honor of your superior. But you cannot get what you want by breaking military law.”

"sorry!"

Soldiers cannot speak for a long time, so they shout with all their emotions in one word.

Garcia confirmed Verique's look in his eyes, saying that he would accept any disposition.

“Return to heat. If the same thing happens next time, then I will behead you immediately.”

"yes!"

As Berik ran quickly and joined the ranks, the watching colleagues let out a sigh.

“Yumma, are you crazy? Why do you do that? Don’t you know that the atmosphere in the unit is really bad right now?”

“It popped out without me knowing. don't worry. I will never make this mistake again.”

"you… … Did you really like it, battalion commander?''

I felt it from the moment Amy took away the resolution, but I didn't expect it to be this serious.

"it's okay. It's all in the past.”

Berrik's expression, which had been lost in thought, returned to that of a soldier.

“It’s better. I'm not someone I can protect, and Ivory Tower Oh Dae-seong is my lover... …

It was enough to think that their world was separate.

"engagement!"

A sound was heard from the front.

"engagement! engagement!"

Reports were delivered from the front of the procession, and all soldiers were ready to fight at once.

“What, all of a sudden?”

He was in the middle of moving, bypassing the demon troops as much as possible.

“45 degrees to the right!”

The moment the soldiers turned their heads at the instructions delivered again, there was a bang and an explosion.

“Kiaaa!”

Demons all at once came out of the forest on a high hill and started running downhill.

“Magic troops! to position!”

The number of demons was only in the hundreds, and they were annihilated by the army's fire.

“Is it a loser? But there will be no battle?”

The grass rustled as countless eyes watched the forest, wary of additional troops.

"come! preparation!"

Just as the company commander was about to give the order to fire, a tree branch opened and Amy appeared.

“Whoa, I found it.”

It is a place where thousands of lungs breathe, but to my surprise, I couldn't hear a single breath.

“Captain… …

The first thing I realized was her direct subordinate, the 6th Battalion, and words came from other units as well.

"who is this? The military uniform is a Valkyrie.”

“Get out of the way.”

As Garcia drove the horse, accompanied by general-level commanders, the troops split apart like water.

It was a familiar face to Garcia, but his expression was rather cold.

“Lieutenant Colonel, why are you here?” Amy, who held out an official document from her arms, saluted as she lowered it again.

“Report! Lieutenant Colonel Karmis Amy! As of this time, we have been ordered to return to the 6th Battalion of the Wizards!”

"uh?"

The soldiers of the 6th Battalion turned to each other and raised their arms and cheered.

“Waaaaaaa!”

It felt like winning a war.

Excited Berrik shouted as he pointed at the infantryman who had just grabbed him by the collar.

“Did you see it! This is the Magic Squad! This is us!”

Likewise, the foot soldier who was watching Berrik raised a corner of his mouth and shrugged.

In a situation where you can see the morale going up, Garcia also regained his smile.

“Ten minutes break.”

It was the maximum consideration that could be given in a busy situation, and the division commander raised his hand and shouted.

“With this, there is no exception in the Second Corps! Fight together, die together, win together! We are one!”

“We are one!”

Although unintentional, Amy's return breathed life into the despairing unit.

As Amy slipped down the hill and joined the procession, her men gathered.

“Captain! What happened? Are you really back?”

Amy raised a fist.

"of course. You said you'd be back soon. Hopefully you guys... … You don't believe me'?”

"haha! Could it be? I firmly believed that the only person to command the strongest 6th battalion was the lieutenant colonel.”

“Anyway, I mean… …

Amy approached Berik, who was standing with a sullen expression, and stabbed him in the side.

“Hey, did you miss me? huh? I miss you?"

“Oh, don’t do it, please!”

Contrary to expectations, when it came out harshly, Amy asked with her big eyes blinking.

“Why is he like this again? Are you dissatisfied with me?”

"haha! It's because I like it so much. Actually, this guy was with the infantry over there a little while ago... …

"ah! ah! ah! ah! ah!"

Berik, who hastily cut off his words with an angry expression, said with a stern frown.

“It comes when it comes, no fuss. Let’s not do this to be embarrassing.”

Amy laughed softly.

"what. Ji is making more noise. Anyway, be prepared from now on. I won’t let you go if you fall behind.”

As Amy took the lead, a colleague approached Berich and said quietly.

"why are you like this? I thought you would go crazy because you liked it the most.”

“Who hates it?”

I could see Amy's back moving away.

"??????why?"

Why the hell did you come back?

'I'm going to die anyway. A splendid life different from ours awaits you... …

The reason is unknown, but Berrik felt like he had won in a different way from the other soldiers.

The army of hell, numbering 200 million, was gathering toward Tormia.

Victory news everywhere.

The morale of the army soared, but the expression of the balkan looking at the map was quite serious.

"It's really great."

Even the Balkans who read the military discipline finally realized it only after 4 days had passed since they had decided on an all-out war.

“How can I extend 10 days?”

If you are in the same position... … he wouldn't have been able to do it.

"what? Are we in danger?” Vulcan shook his head at Sumodo's question.

"no. It's a war of attrition anyway. We have an overwhelming advantage with large numbers. The important thing is the reason for taking the time.”

“Why?”

"I don't know. I can't even read the military standard. I mean, it's a covert job. However, a strategy that requires this level of security cannot be very destructive.” It was common sense of war until now.

"yes. Espionage warfare usually strikes you in the gut.”

"hmm. But we don't have a vital point. It's getting on my nerves. This young military bastard.”

Numerous military standards were read in the eyes of Vulcan, who was piercing the power chart.

“Shall we take one?”

All the human armies he had gathered so far were moved to one place.

“If you do this, 10 to 8 days.” I see Valkyrie's invisible brain clutching her head and screaming.

It seemed.

“Quack. How are you, baby?”

Vulcan's eyes shone evilly.

“War, isn’t it fun?”

Iruki hit the table with a bang.

Empty bottles tumbled to the floor, and a roar of rage erupted from his throat.

“Aaaaaaa!”

No one thought he was drunk.

"ha! ha!"

Iruki's hair had already turned white with more than half of her gray hair.

'why?'

It was an unexpected number.

'Why are you dragging me into a predicament? What is the reason for doing this to the extent of lowering the level of perfection of tactics?'

The war, risking the lives of all mankind, seemed to him just a game of cards.

'Do you bet without looking at the hand?'

If it's chess, it's like closing your eyes and letting go.

However, because of that, it became a case of stabbing a blind spot hidden in the infinite probability.

'It's impossible.' The probability of engagement increased significantly, but there was no way to recover the lost two days.

'There must be a way. no, it must be If I didn't do it, the 2nd Corps would be annihilated.

“Huhhh...”

The commanders noticed that Iruki's hair was gradually turning white.

“Chong, Commander-in-Chief, resting for a bit made Iruki’s face wrinkled.

'doesn't exist. does not exist.'

It has been concluded.

"It's done. A strategy is a law that requires an opponent. If you destroy the rules, there is no way to respond.”

The commander comforted him.

“Don't beat yourself up. Commander-in-Chief “But.”

Iruki stopped talking.

“It is my strategy that is over, not the war.”

“What is that… …

Iruki's eyes shone fiercely.

'There must be a variable.'

It was a gamble for Iruki as well, if it was driven by probabilities rather than numbers.