What the Guffins Left Behind (3)

Vulcan murmured.

“There are no elites in the army of hell.”

When Havitz insisted on going to the capital of Tormia, he made an offer.

I decided to send the corps commander's troops all over the world and attack Basuka with only the remaining 95% of my troops.

Paimon rolled his eyes.

“So it took a lot of damage. The three friends you cherished also came back half assholes.”

It was a shocking result even for Balkan.

Especially when I heard that Natasha had been defeated by Mach's knight, I thought it was a joke.

Paimon spoke again.

“Stop going into Baska now? Anyway, the flower can't move. You can just ignore it. There aren't many humans left to harass, but only the poor demons are dying.”

“Since when did you care about the soldiers? And if you enter Basuka, you may suffer even greater damage than now.”

“That is your delusion. Above all, Satan wants it. Turn your route to Baska right now.”

Vulcan did not respond.

'Havitz is not coming back.'

I could feel it intuitively because I had watched Havitz from the side for a long time.

'Havitz's law goes far beyond what human beings can foresee. In other words, it is much more advantageous for Habitz to leave the battlefield.'

if so… … .

'It's an opportunity.'

Vulcan's eyes shone.

'I don't go to Baska. No, it will be in the distant future. Now, it penetrates the flower fields and enters the Central Continent.'

Even if you go to prison for disobeying the king's order, the military's duty is to fight the best war.

“For now, advance.”

Hearing Vulcan's instructions, Paimon's eyes turned to life.

'Sheesh, something like a human.'

If it wasn't for Satan's favorite person, he would have pulled him off his horse and crushed him right away.

' huh?'

At that time, a demon flew in from the sky and fired ultrasonic waves that humans could not hear.

“Paimon-sama, I found Satan-sama’s location. You are currently heading to Kashan. and… …

Paimon, who had been listening to Balkan expressionlessly without expressing himself, had a look under his eyes.

“Whoops.”

After hearing all the reports from the demons, a cool smile appeared on her lips before she knew it.

Tormia is the area where the war is fiercest, but large and small conflicts are taking place all over the world. Amidst the destruction of numerous kingdoms, the stars below the 4-star Ivory Tower carried out their respective missions.

Among them, the mission given to the stars of the System Inspection Department was humanitarian relief activities.

“Wherever you go, there is war.”

In addition to the main camp of the army of hell that attacked Tormia, there were demons who were doing independent activities.

First of all, it was a deserted demon tribe that occurred because more than 60 of the 72nd Corps commanders had disappeared.

Demons definitely follow Satan, but also because those who were born from Satan's chaos have different ways of obeying their qi.

Particularly strong demons pretended to be commanders of corps, occupied some cities, and brutalized the humans there.

“It is the era of the end of the century.”

The old man, with his graying hair spread to his hair, looked down the cliff and said.

“It's a world where fighters get attention, but these things are worth it. So, not to create a fighting situation.”

Arnold Lampa, a 3-star resident of the System Inspection Department.

At the age of 112, he is knowledgeable about the world situation and has no special activities other than drinking tea with Mongin Louver from time to time. Nevertheless, the reason why he is second in command after Oh Dae-seong Fried of the System Inspection Department is because he uses information magic called Telebird.

The transmission radius is such that it covers the hemisphere of the planet.

It was a transmission power that no one could match except for him who had the world's best breakaway spirit zone.

“Jjujju, you’re good.”

When Rampa bent his index finger, a blue skylark was born and flapped its wings.

“Enemy spotted at Amore Hill. Expected average powerlessness level A. Slowly heading towards Beckyd Village.”

As I recorded the information and raised my index finger, the televved took off and soon stretched out in a straight flash.

A young man in his 20s who followed Rampa said.

“A grade again this time.”

A white student from the East.

Overall, he was handsome, but his eyes drooped slightly.

It was Rampa's satellite, a man named Gun.

“The army of the fallen kingdom is at a level that is difficult to handle. Aren’t you supposed to apply?”

“You have to have troops to support you. Don't brag about being young. It's best to run away."

Rampa bent his middle finger, and this time a red telebird was born.

“I’m telling you again, don’t even change your panties and run away. We are not responsible for the aftermath.”

Chong Yi clenched his fists as he watched red flashes shoot out into the sky.

"damn! Even if I only learned combat magic.”

“Arthur. People should know fractions. Those who have learned combat magic do not fight. The one who fights learns battle magic. You are right for this.” Gun's lips pouted.

"When did you say you're not good at it?"

“It’s because you care about your loved ones. Be honest. Don't you think of developing information magic, and don't you know that women are passing around with strange technology?”

Chong's face turned red.

“Hall, who is bewitched? But did I ever get along well with a girl?”

otherwise it was

He had a good face, and he had a naive side, but his personality wasn't angular.

“Do you want to date?”

"yes! of course. Master, I am. Do you know what is the most unfortunate thing about the world? I have never had a passionate love.”

“If it was difficult even when it was peaceful, it would have all gone. Making butterflies with light isn't going to work for women these days. It’s an era where strong men are the trend.”

“Sheesh, that's why I'm learning combat magic...

Rampa smiled and turned his head.

“How about meeting among the stars or satellites? Aren't there a lot of good wives? If it's a 3-star or lower, I might be able to let go of the bridge.”

“The stars?”

Chong, who recalled every aspect of the stars as he rolled his eyes, put on a tired expression.

“I hate that. It's all weird.”

“Chuck! It's only on the outside, everyone has a soft heart. Besides, where do you stand with your eyes so high... …

For an instant, Rampa's face hardened.

The gun also felt the same energy, and without question, the two lowered their stances.

"concealment."

As Chong Yi waited with the curtain of light open, a group of troops passed under the hill.

'What is that guy?'

The demon walking in the lead. Several horns twisted like those of a bison and descended down its back, and four arms were attached to its brown skin.

'If you look at the features... … Is it expensive?' He was the commander of the 3rd Corps of the Army of Hell.

'But why are you here? No, did the entire 3 Corps break away from the front line?'

The division commanders followed behind Bassago. A woman that looks like a corpse, a man whose right arm is dragging on the ground, and a monster with open ribs that show his stomach.

"It's a gun."

When I called, there was no answer, so when I turned my head, the disciple's face was pale.

“… … It's a gun, analyze it.”

The key to information delivery is speed and accuracy.

You need to know how to judge the situation objectively, not just send it quickly and far.

"first of all."

The gunman swallowed and said.

“The division commanders are all S rank or higher. That female body seems to be able to double it.”

«O»

Even without knowing the information about the 3rd Corps, the approximate assessment was accurate.

“And the one in the lead… … The gun tooth, who was suffering from licking his lips, spoke with difficulty.

“Probably Triple S… …

Lampa's eyes twitched.

“… … I don't know what level it is, but it's far above that.”

Lampa raised an eyebrow.

'Chong Yi has no information about the 3rd Corps.'

For special training, Rampa did not tell Chong Yi anything about his enemies.

'And I've never experienced the existence of a triple. However, being able to accurately analyze... …

It was clear evidence that the gun's tip was reaching an area that humans could not feel.

'Genius of the sixth sense.'

Perhaps tens of thousands of insects.

“It was pretty good for being hit. However, when information is conveyed in such an expression, confusion comes from the position of receiving it. You see with your eyes, but the recipient imagines. Without a clear definition, you might feel a sense of fear.”

“Then how do you define it?”

“Gl, G2, G3. It's out of class. Because it is impossible to specify the level of force, it is divided into levels of feeling. Here, G usually stands for universal gravitation.”

“Um, something like gravity?”

"Anything. It is a basic force that acts in this world. If you want to get rid of universal gravitation, what should you do?”

Gun's brow crumpled.

“It is impossible. You can go against it momentarily, but as long as the world exists, you cannot get rid of it.”

"That's him. G1.”

“You know what it feels like? The reason why it is defined as universal gravitation is because it is the most neutral force that the recipient can feel. In the case of a tsunami, typhoon, lightning or volcano, individuality is given and there is room for arbitrary interpretation. When you say it's like a typhoon, you usually think of something fast or rough.”

Chong understood.

“But if the enemy is strong enough to remind me of G1, how do I defeat it?”

“That is not a matter for an informant to consider. Another G1 or G2 will do it.”

Rampa opened his fingers one by one.

“G2 is twice the force of gravity, and G3 is three times. Nothing more. can't even make it because… …

“Because it’s difficult to feel it, you lose objectivity.”

"okay. Three times the limit is what normal human beings can imagine as real. Anyway, the guy going over there is a guy called Barsago. I don't know about Pandemonium, but if he opens it, he might become a G2-level disaster.” Chong answered as he had learned.

"It's none of the information communicator's business."

"okay. What I'm trying to say is, why the hell is he here? According to my information, all of the top corps commanders in the army of hell went to Tormia. If for some reason you came back... …

Rampa stopped talking.

Four lines of deep wrinkles were carved on his forehead as he pondered without even blinking his eyelids.

“Gee, Mr.”

Gun was anxious.

It was because he knew how the world situation changed when harsh words came out of his teacher's mouth.

“Why, why are you like that?”

Rampa rested his chin.

'Should I send information now? No, I can't decide yet. It could also be an error in judging the whole with a unique variable. But if my guess is right... …

He bit his molars.

'I guess I have no choice but to perform high-speed transmission while checking myself.'

Rampa stood up and said.

“Let’s go around the world for a while. It won't take long, so you're in charge of this place for the time being. Trust your instincts.”

"yes? me? You said you'd never be able to compete in real life until Master passed away? It's eating the world.”

“I will die soon anyway. you do it.”

"for a moment! Master!”

Before Chong Yi could finish his words, Rampa's body turned into a flash of light and was shot into the sky.

The distance of space movement from the world's best breakaway spirit zone was beyond imagination.

Hey hey hey.

While the roar still lingered, Chong stared blankly at the distant master.

Photon transmissions, golden birds began to shoot out of the trajectory every 10 kilometers or so.

'Real-time transfer magic, Gold Bird.'

As if having eaten a spin, countless flashes of light curved into the temple in spectacular curves.