[513] Questions Left Behind (3)

After learning the whole story of the incident, Gando was lost in thought.

It is understandable that Ankera, realizing the existence of Satan, used Reset to give humans another chance.

But one question still remained.

"why… … Are you trying to expunge it?”

Erase Anchera.

If Satan is annihilated, Ra can once again conquer the human world through a final war.

There is no reason to obliterate yourself.

Woorin answered any question coolly, but this time the silence was long.

Gando realized through that fact.

There is no déjà vu about the Guffin erasure, but it was a story that could be inferred enough.

Theraze met Ra.

Otherwise, such a compromise would not make sense.

"okay. Theraje Mystra once faced Ra alone at the end of the Last War. But Theraze wasn't the person he really wanted to face. The reason why Mystra was able to predict the eradication of Ra and why the empress was replaced earlier than planned is because of that child.”

“What about that child?”

“Arian Sirone.”

Gando remembered Sirone's face.

A bold boy who proposed a deal to Gaold from the Magic Association.

Perhaps Gaold intended to use him for the Heaven Project, but it was unexpected that the name Sirone was mentioned even in Theraze's mouth.

“Why did Raga find Sirone?”

“To hear the answers to the questions left behind.”

When Gando tilted his head, Uorin added an explanation.

“Satan, so absolute chaos, was a concept that Ankera could never understand. He is the whole, but chaos is outside the whole. The fear of the unknown awakened old memories in Ankera.”

Uorin's impression of pulling out information close to ancient memories was slightly distorted.

“Perhaps Guffin is a person who existed until recently. It's just something we forgot.”

McLean Guffin expunged his existence from the Akashic Records.

It is still talked about by a few people, but what kind of person he was was only inferred through other information associated with his name.

“The cause of the Guffin expungement is unclear. So far, I'm just wondering if it has anything to do with Sirone. In any case, it seems clear that Guffin must have consulted with Ra in some way prior to expungement. And in the course of that consultation, Guffin raised a topic to Ra.”

“What if you say hwadu?”

“The incarnation of the Akashic Records. And all or all of this world. At that time, when Mystra confronted Ra, the answer he wanted to hear from Sirone was this.”

Uorin, with her long neck erect, gently turned her head to Gando and said,

“Why am I… … .”

"Can't I be a god?"

Ra asked, but Sirone still did not answer.

His incarnation, bankrupt due to Valhalla Action's debt, was isolated in a prison of time and space.

Knowing that, Ra asked again.

That was the promise he made with Sirone during the Guffin Eradication, and it was the only problem Ankera couldn't understand.

“I am full. the beginning and end of this world. But why can't I be a god? Why is chaos outside of me?”

“… … .”

Even the moment of silence was regretful for Anke Ra.

A flash of powerful energy was attacking the spire of Arabot, to be exact.

If he couldn't get an answer from Sirone, he had only one choice.

"If you can't find an answer from a human... … .”

Ankera's eyes flashed open.

“I will become a human myself.”

“Oohhh!”

Uriel pushed the maze to the end.

Twenty-three seconds remain until Heaven is destroyed.

However, until the reset is attempted, the maze must be killed before God's punishment destroys Heaven.

“Turn it off!”

Even with his jaw broken, Sain clung to Uriel and cast the Sun and Moon Halo.

Ikael amplified the power of the halo of the sun and moon, but Yuriel, who had been completely burned, ran to the front of the maze and swung the Gauntlet of Paradise.

Woo woo woo woo!

Miro's pupils, which had been sealed with hands, shook in shock.

An archangel with power so powerful that it can cause cracks in the space-time of the labyrinth.

He went into Sammaegyeong and repaired the cracks, but if you think about it, the source of all these sadals was Yuriel.

“What is it, maze? Isn't that mouth moving now?"

“Keuuugh!”

Miro concentrated his mind with all his might.

damn

Even so, the small defense she had spread was cracking little by little.

19 seconds.

“Victory is at hand!”

“Everyone run to death! Life is beyond death!”

The rebels desperately made their way to the spire.

The moment he entered Arabot, all his thoughts were burnt away, leaving only his obsession with victory, which had become an instinct.

17 seconds.

“Kieek! Kiek!”

Garas roared like the wind through the ruins of Jebul and hunted the angels.

Angel's natural enemy, a noble spirit, took the simplest form specialized only in reproduction.

Even at the moment when the world ended, only the animalistic desire to reproduce the race would be all that Garas had.

15 seconds.

"no! You can't leave us behind!”

Kanya hugged the broken barbell and sobbed.

Transparent water droplets trickling down the cold metal surface looked like Babel's tears.

13 seconds.

"mister! mister!"

“… … .”

Gaold was like a living corpse.

Where is his soul, dragged into hell, now wandering?

Thinking that he would like to walk through that hell together if he could, Kang Nan buried his head in Gaold's arms.

A flower that blooms in hell.

That is why love is beautiful.

11 seconds.

Rumble!

Buildings were collapsing on all sides.

A large rock slammed down the side of Kuan's face as he looked up at the sky indifferently.

Maybe next time a bigger rock might hit his face, but he was just staring at the sky.

'It's coming to an end.'

It was time for the clown to leave.

9 seconds.

Arius, who was thrown back by Uriel's blow, knelt down like a defeated soldier and raised his head toward the sky.

Maybe it was because he lost his eye that he found it before others.

“Eh. Eh.”

A huge light was coming down from the sky.

8 seconds.

Flew staggered to his feet with the unconscious Sirone in front of him.

Everyone fought for what they believed was right, regardless of whether they were friends or family.

"what's this… … .”

Fleur burst into tears.

Aspirations are always shattered like a mirage in the face of reality.

“What is this!”

In the curves of the future that twist in an unknown direction, where are humans going?

7 seconds.

“Sirone… … .”

Etella, who exhausted her energy with the roar of the demon, knelt down, straightened her waist like a bow, and looked up at the sky.

“Nice job, Sirone.”

I just throw my whole heart into it.

“Myths are just myths.”

Animal desires and higher spirits, good and evil, everything to which the mind can be cast.

All the myths created by humans were heading towards destruction by a cold thought that passed like a flash in a boy's head.

6 seconds.

'Parka Quan.'

Armin smiled bitterly, feeling defeated.

'If that person... … .'

You will be able to protect the woman you love the most for the rest of your life.

“Shina, you should be happy.”

"brother?"

Armin gave a beautiful smile and cast a flicker spell towards the sky.

Shiina, who realized it belatedly, screamed while clutching her chest.

“No eh eh!”

The speed at the end of God's Punishment is 41 Mach.

That is, 41 times the speed of sound.

It was a gamble with extremely low probability to stop at a speed that even the schema adherents could not react to.

5 seconds.

'I'm sorry, Keira. I don't think I can keep my promise.'

Even after seeing her leaving the Ivory Tower in front of her eyes, she did not activate the oath of the agreement.

Was it because he saw Kuan's sincerity?

For today, I miss Keira's face a little bit in my memory.

4 seconds.

'It's amazing.'

God's punishment was finally captured in Armin's light eye, which had a far greater visibility than others.

A speed that is indescribable in his experience.

The distance was still far, but it was a flash that made me feel as if I had already arrived right in front of my eyes.

3 seconds.

"this… … !”

With only 3 seconds left, God's Punishment was still at an incredible height.

'It's impossible to go up any further!'

The moment he finished thinking, a light shone in the black sky and immediately a huge flash pierced Armin.

“Huh!”

Armin saw it clearly in a fleeting moment, as if one second had been divided into 100.

A golden bird that surrounds you.

'Posmetry?'

God's punishment penetrated the space-time bird as it was and rushed to the ground.

2 seconds.

“Mr. Zulu?”

Flew looked back at Zulu, who had reached Aravoth's Spire.

According to her mission, she must find the metagate in Jebul's basement.

'Why are you here?'

After disabling the postmetery, Zulu raised his hand toward the sky.

Erga, the Tier 10 monster she succeeded in becoming her first boss, grabbed the metagate and started flying into the sky.

“For a fresh start.”

Fleur's gaze followed Erga up.

1 sec.

The metagate opened, and finally, God's punishment shook the air and revealed itself in the far-high sky.

It was the last sight a human eye could capture.

As if drawing a line from the sky to the ground, a long flash was sucked into the metagate's black orb.

Beep.

Then, by twisting time and space, God's punishment was pierced into the underground Zion of Jebul, where another sphere with the same coordinates was located.

* * *

“I will understand!”

Ankera's pupils moved at the speed of light.

Now that Satan was gone, it was the right time to reset.

reset.

The world turned off.

A perfect absence that cannot be expressed even with the concept of nothingness.

In the absence of time and space, something suddenly amplified and the world opened up.

Numerous events occurred as the concepts of birth and destruction interlocked, but all probabilities were already contained in the first amplification moment.

Everything in the universe has been swimming for billions of years, repeating the events before the reset.

Only one thing has changed.

Twenty-three seconds before Heaven was destroyed, Anke Ra did not summon Sirone and immediately erased herself.

It was a true Anchera erasure.

Thus, the time of the universe passes the starting point of 0 seconds of heaven destruction, when Ankera reset.

“Kuk!”

Uorin lowered her head as if her heart was in shock.

“The Empress!”

When Gando jumped up, she raised her hand to stop it.

When a strong déjà vu surges in, the cells throughout the body receive a shock as if they stop working, just like now.

'It was at this point.'

Wu Lin had a hunch.

'When the third reset started. If so, the current Anke Ra has been erased.'

Uorin took a deep breath and stood up.

“Follow me. From now on, you have work to do.”

When Gando stepped out the door, she was standing in front of a room at the end of the hallway.

When he knocked on the door, the 30 men who were guarding the room saluted and rushed out.

Although she couldn't see it with her eyes, her limbs, Crouch, must have been hiding somewhere, guarding against intruders.

“Only you and I will be staying in this room.”

The place Gando entered was a large room without even furniture.

There was a carpet with golden patterns on a red background, and Uorin sat cross-legged in the center of it.

“Listen now, Gando. Reset has already begun. And from now on I... … .”

Uorin tightened her eyes and said.

“I will find Anchera.”

---------------------------------------