[249] System operation (2)

However, Sirone did not stop teleportation.

No matter how precise the defense is, it cannot overcome the mechanism of the reaction after the pre-stimulus.

'Now!'

The moment Sirone leaned over in photonization, Dante turned into light and reversed.

Truly superhuman reflexes. But this time, it became poison. Sirone stopped the fake motion and stepped back.

'Oops!'

By the time Dante realized Sirone's strategy, he had already activated teleportation and was moving away.

When the distance increased to 20 meters in an instant, Sirone immediately fired a photon cannon.

Even Dante's movement was useless in front of the net of photons approaching while encroaching on the space to avoid. Dante, who chose the ground as the only escape route, spread a defensive magic circle over his head as soon as he landed.

Sirone clenched her teeth and cast magic in succession.

The immortal function expands the wizard's spirit infinitely, but the reality is not easy. This is because if you completely unlock the lock of infinity, the ego will disintegrate.

That's why the Unlocker draws infinite power through a hole called the Spirit Zone. In other words, the spirit zone becomes a barrier that supports the boundary between reality and infinity.

As a result, it can be called endless mental power, but if the durability of the Spirit Zone is not enough to withstand the infinite weight, there is a risk of being swept away in an instant.

However, Sirone was not shaken even though she was consuming more mental strength than her available limit. It was thanks to him that he reached the mental state of Geumgangtae beyond the realm of durability.

'more! more! more!'

Based on the enormous mental power, the photon cannons poured onto the ground without a break.

“Aww!”

Dante spread 10 defensive magic circles over his head like a roof and held on with all his might. He still thought he didn't make sense. If any human casts magic consecutively, its power will gradually decrease. However, instead of weakening, Sirone's offensive was getting stronger.

'Shit! What the heck is the attack power?'

Even against the hard punchers, who are said to be the best in the kingdom, he had never been so discouraged.

Dante suddenly realized. Immortal function. The state that he thought was nothing more than a monk's mental play was terribly suppressing him.

The bombardment continued for two minutes.

Dante couldn't move a single step from the blocked spot. Even his long-term evasion ability was useless against the hail-like attacks.

The students glanced at the 2,000 bracelets that were getting hotter with anxious eyes. The fact that the bracelet that controls the exchange of information two thousand times is hot enough to be felt by the skin is proof that the amount of information exchanged between Sirone and Dante is rapidly increasing.

“It won’t explode like this, will it?”

Amy said in response to Mark's frightened question.

"don't worry. Because there was no problem in the senior class. Even if the system overheats 2,000 times, the fail-safe will activate in the worst-case scenario.”

Mark let out a sigh of relief.

“Yeah, that’s right.”

Amy added one more word.

"Of course, it's not common to get this hot."

Sirone started to feel frustrated. It's already been over 3 minutes, but Dante's defense hasn't been broken. However, Dante's tough resistance rather ignited Sirone's fighting spirit.

'then… … !'

Sirone stopped firing the photon cannon and fired the laser. A ray of red light fell on Dante's magic circle.

When the power was weaker than expected, Dante started repairing the magic circle with a snort as if it was nothing.

About 10 magic circles returned to their full state in an instant. 

However, after a while, Dante's face was subtly distorted, and unlike the first time, he felt more powerful energy than the Photon Cannon.

“Eh, what is this… … !”

The moment Dante spewed out words in astonishment, Sirone amplified the laser with all his might.

The thickness of the laser began to grow rapidly. 

Finally, as all the power drawn from the infinite realm was put in, a huge red flash completely engulfed Dante's seat.

The students gulped at the shadow of Dante, who seemed to be on fire. 

As the thickness of the laser decreased, it finally disappeared, and Dante, who covered his face with both arms, was standing there. There was not even a trace of the defensive magic circle that blocked the photon cannon.

Sirone landed opposite Dante. Dante slowly lowered his hand and gritted his teeth as he glared at Sirone.

"Shit… … .”

Dante's knee broke and he slammed the floor.

I tried to hold on somehow, but the destructive power of the Photon Cannon was irresistible. The shock of the anti-magic hitting the brain was incomparable to any magic she had ever received from the 2,000 times.

"Unbelievable… … . Dante knelt down again.”

You might think that the first down was just Sirone's surprise attack, but it was an obvious difference in skill that took the down this time.

As such, the current results were shocking to the students.

A murmur was also heard from the teachers. Who would have known that Sirone, who had only been learning magic for a year, would knock Dante, the number one in the kingdom, down twice?

Ethella said.

“His personality is sharp, but his magic is unexpectedly heavy. The lack of subtle skills is a disadvantage, but it has destructive power that goes beyond that.”

You can see the wizard's disposition by looking at the magic he uses. This was especially true for Unlockers, in which most of the magic was manifested through a unique battery.

Sade licked his lips at Etela's praise.

Since she was a sirone who monopolized the love of many female students, she was not close to her in person, but she recognized her skills.

“Well, he’s serious about everything.”

With Dante's down, the enthusiasm of the students became even hotter.

Everyone chanted Sirone's name, and the sound returned as an echo, raising the mood again.

Nade said, blinking.

“Sirone's magic... … Were you always that tough?”

Iruki thought the same.

“It may have been because of confidence, or it may have been aimed at a psychological effect. This is the part that has changed compared to last semester. It seems you have had a change of heart.”

Amy, who had been resting her chin on her face, lifted her lips.

"what… … I’ve been through some rough times.”

Sirone had a bloody battle with the parrot mercenary on Galliant Island. In Heaven, he fought against numerous powerful enemies that transcended humans.

It was rather strange if it was the same as last semester.

"oh my god… … . Dante... … How could this happen... … .”

Reporter Killline was stunned by the results. Leaving the undefeated record, the student who unilaterally kneeled Dante had never met in a confrontation so far.

'Sirone? How come a child like that has never been featured in a magazine?'

According to the investigation, Sirone had only been attending magic school for a year. If it was true, there wouldn't have been time to stand out for anything.

When he first heard about it, Killline didn't believe it. No, he thought, even if that was true, he was just an over-packaged student at the humble level of a provincial school.

But he was completely overpowering Dante. It was literally a rookie that appeared like a comet.

Dante got up slowly. Unlike his first down, his face showed no emotion.

“Second down. This is the first time this has happened.”

Dante spat out and shook his head. It is meaningless to count any more. 

It is because the human itself, Sirone, is the first.

Originally, the attack-only mage was the type he could cook the easiest and liked. However, against an opponent who had such ignorant punching power, it was rather counterproductive.

A bitter smile formed on Dante's lips. I didn't know that I would be using this magic circle before I even entered my senior year.

Not only did I never cast it in an official confrontation, but even if I added an unofficial one, it was twice. 

Closer and Sabina were the only ones who knew that the two opponents were an active 9th-class wizard and 70 B-class thieves.

“I’m sorry. It seems I underestimated you too much.”

At that moment, a huge magic circle emitting red light was engraved around Dante. Its clarity was incomparable to that of an instant magic circle, and its size was more than 10 times greater.

Shiina confirmed that Dante's mental strength gauge had suddenly been cut by more than half.

Enormous mental strength that showed no sign of diminishing even while fighting. I didn't immediately anticipate what a magic circle that uses half of it would be.

“Central arithmetic magic circle Pascal.”

As Dante muttered, a huge magic circle burned red, and about 100 magic circles were created at the same time.

Sirone was shocked to see the magic circles that each possessed different magics. It was like facing 100 wizards.

“Immortal Function. I looked at it funny, but it was definitely great. It must be the Unlocker's insight, right?”

Sirone didn't have time to answer. I don't know what kind of magic it was, but it was on a different level from the instant magic circle. If he didn't analyze it sooner, he would be given the chance to win.

“This time I will show you what I have”

At the same time as Dante held out his hand, all sorts of magic poured out from over 100 magic circles.

Wind cutters and fireballs, lightning bolts and ice spears, and even photon output without physical force.

Sirone was mesmerized by the sight unfolding before her eyes. 

The most shocking thing was that more than 10 types of magic were being cast at the same time.

Even Iruki, who possesses Servant powers, could only cast two magics with the Double Spirit Zone, so it was only natural that he felt like he was dreaming.

said Nade, biting his thumb nail.

"maybe… … It must be a parallel circuit.”

Mark turned his head with a surprised expression.

"yes? A parallel circuit? Are those magic circles?”

“Magic requires a high degree of concentration. To cast one spell, I can't think of anything else. However, each of Dante's magic circles has an independent circuit."

“Can you? Unless you have multiple brains, you can only make one magic circle with one battery. Even if it is passive, it is standard to make it according to the order of time.”

Nade pointed to Dante's Pascal.

"That's right. Dante made another brain. That magic circle in the center, that magic circle must be converging Dante’s batteries and distributing them in parallel.”

Nade's prediction was correct. Pascal was a magic circle that stored the batteries flowing in the wizard's head in memory and then processed them through parallel calculations.

Dante, who activated Pascal, is never defensive. Rather, it crushes the opponent with extreme firepower.

As if to prove that fact, all the basic magic that can be learned at school was popping out.

Sirone did not stop the offensive. Creating a virtual memory and unfolding serial thoughts in parallel is certainly a marvelous task. 

However, strictly speaking, serial and parallel do not have an advantage. If it is a parallel circuit, the individual power is inevitably reduced. 

The proof was that all the magic cast in Dante's magic circle was basic magic.

'I do not have time. It has to end now.'

The time to maintain the infinite realm is now running out. It was only now that Dante could be overpowered.

Sirone fired the photon cannon with all her might. However, the moment I passed a certain section, the speed suddenly started to slow down. 

When the photon at the sub-light speed slowed down to the point where it was comparable to that of a snail, Sirone looked ahead. And I realized. 

Hundreds of magic circles spread by Dante formed small groups and exerted influence in a specific space.

If you connect the magic circles that form the set to an imaginary plane, they form a cube like a dice and activate a specific magic inside.

Nade shouted with an absurd expression.

“A three-dimensional mansion? A student using that?”

Dante assembled a two-dimensional flat magic circle and structured it into a three-dimensional three-dimensional structure.

Sirone's Photon Cannon also slowed down as it entered the mansion designated by six slow magic circles at a distance of 5 meters from each other.

Given that the function depends on how many circuits can be integrated in a limited space, the 3D mansion was able to demonstrate tremendous efficiency beyond the limits of a flat surface.

---------------------------------------