Unconnected Sin (1)

The army of Hell, which had occupied the Denan Plain, moved towards Tormia at high speed.

In the center was Habitz, and after that, Gustav 4th cadets followed closely on horseback.

"let's go! let's go!"

Zetaro threw off his bottoms and underwear and performed a running stunt while standing on the saddle.

“Did you see it? This is true art!” Natasha asked.

“But why are you taking off everything underneath?”

“Center of gravity.” Natasha, lost in her thoughts, turned her head back without saying a word, and her sumodo smiled.

After looking at Havitz's back, Zetaro became sullen.

'He doesn't laugh all these days.'

A huge event was waiting for such a trivial joke.

Balkan's expression was also not good.

'I'm totally hooked. I can't stop doing this.'

It was the reason why they couldn't go out even though they knew that the Tormia foot soldiers were using a lure book.

'The troop loss was too great.'

At the cliff of the abyss, the damage suffered by Son Yu-jeong reaches 30% of the entire force.

It was a situation where there was no choice but to take responsibility, and in the end, the right to speak passed to Paimon, a soldier of the demon tribe.

'Anyway, that's my mistake. but… …

Ever since Son Yoo-jung's fall, there was one thought that has not left my head.

'What if the temple was after this? In other words, if you're thinking of hitting us with something that's equivalent to breaking... … It wouldn't have been a mere 30 percent loss.

'It is annihilation.'

If the annihilation of the demons was guaranteed, the holy war would also be willing to sacrifice its allies.

'It's likely, no, it's certain. I don't know what means, but I'm sure they're aiming for it.'

It is the thought of dying together.

'Crazy guy.'

Balkans aren't crazy by nature, but the soldiers of the temple are also going crazy.

'And even now his head is spinning.'

The situation in which they were chasing the Tormia army also meant that it was the design of the enemy military.

'Dangerous. I want to change the route.' Probably impossible.

The strategy Paimon suggested was so destructive that it was unthinkable without her.

'If you open the Demon Realm, Paimon will also disappear.' Demons were willing to accept extinction in order to gain great pleasure.

'It's the same with Havitz.'

Natasha asked.

“What's wrong, Vulcan? What's wrong?” "No, there's something I'd like to suggest from a strategic point of view, but I don't think Harvits will listen."

“Hmm.”

She said scratching her chin.

“Wouldn’t it be better to let you know? After all, the choice is made by Havitz.”

“I guess so.”

Balkan, who judged that there was a point, approached Havitz, kicking the horse's side.

“Havitz, I have something to say… …

Vulcan's mouth was closed.

I saw Havitz rubbing his right eyeball until his skin turned red.

"what's the matter?"

“I have bugs in my eyes.”

"bug?"

Like a fly trapped in a pupil, it flew around Havitz's field of vision.

Harvits turned his head and asked.

“What are you talking about?”

Vulcan, who couldn't find anything in his eyes, came to his senses and said.

“Ah, I want to change the route. Somehow the enemy seems to be luring us.”

"know."

Havitz scratched his eyes until they bled.

"It doesn't matter anyway. There are also humans there. We're not going to win. I am going to kill you.”

It's a terrible philosophy, but... … .

"I'm telling you for sure, we could be annihilated if we don't. It is such a serious matter.”

“Yes or no.”

Habitz, who raised his bloody eyes, bit the corner of his mouth wickedly.

"I'm not going to die anyway."

Habitz raised both hands and dug out the eyes of the white horse he was riding with his fingers.

Kihehehehehehe!

At the same time as the beast screamed, Satan's incarnation art, Vanishing, was activated.

“Hey! What!”

As if he had been originally blind, the horse galloped forward, kicking the ground vigorously.

Then, when his legs got twisted and he fell over, Havitz, which bounced off, rolled on the floor.

“Hahaha! Ha ha ha!”

= = = = = = = 1

nrn?rnr is~i―?!

Numerous legs passed by him, but none of them touched the body.

'Death doesn't happen.' so it's perfect

'If this world is an illusion, a fly clung to the inside of Havitz's retina as he rolled on the ground, revealing grotesque teeth.

“I am the biggest mistake!”

As he unbanished, he stretched out his arms, and one of the demons grabbed his hand and put him on a horse.

"Let's go, take everything!"

Havitz's voice coming from the rear was vividly conveyed to Gustav 4th.

Royal Crete. On the 4th basement level, which is known as a top secret, the National Intelligence Service staff were dealing with intelligence.

Among them, a confidential meeting was held in a so-called 'dark room' where access was restricted except for code black.

“Whoa.”

Sitting cross-legged on a box in front of the wall, Dante let out a long puff of cigarette smoke.

Even if the name is a darkroom, there is lighting.

However, the light did not enter his face, and the heavy darkness was thick.

Shion's sorceress, Lyria, shot.

“Why are you holding such a form? Does that make an ugly face look handsome?”

They were comfortable with each other as they had once sealed the ice queen together, but today the atmosphere was different.

When Dante raised his cold gaze, she shrugged her shoulders and slightly turned her head.

“No, my expression is too serious… …

Lyria's eyebrows twisted.

"wait for a sec. This bastard is really cute, so he climbs all the way to her head?”

Eden, the monk of the temple, dried up.

“Don’t fight. I don't have time to be doing this. Anyway, why aren't you coming here?”

said Armin.

“I can’t help it if I can’t make it on time. I have no choice but to perform with this member.”

Sein nodded in agreement, while Quan showed no emotion.

"Im here."

The door opened and Mayray entered.

"Forgive me for being late."

She wore short black hair and a dress with a pale face, but she couldn't hide her bony body.

said Armin.

“I heard about it from Dante. Supported the Temple's atomic bomb project.”

It was the role of finding out those who leaked secrets with the ability of Daejeonghwagi's ears.

"yes. It's not finished yet, but I'm the receiver anyway, so there's no problem with my mission. And they are as important as these guided elemental bombs gathered here.”

Kuan muttered.

“Assassination of Harvits.”

The atmosphere that had been relaxed for a while became heavy again, and Dante slowly stood up.

“I don’t have much time, so I’ll check it briefly.”

Six people's eyes were focused.

“There is still a lack of information, but there are three major characteristics of atrocities estimated by mankind.”

Dante raised three fingers.

“First, a fixed future. Of all the probabilities that can happen by the law, it is the furthest away from death. Second, the absence of an incident. His incarnations seem to deny the perception of existence. Third, the prison of time.”

The reason this information is confidential is because I heard it through the reunion channel, not the Tormia channel.

“In the words of Sirone, there is a certain time period within the concept of time that the law cannot penetrate. It is only a moment, but nothing can happen in that moment.”

Lyria said.

“In the end, it means that you are free from all laws related to the future, present, and past. Are you just invincible?”

"okay. The other day, a prosecutor named Lian had some suspicions about the absence of a case. This is almost the only case.”

Mach's Knight.

“And cut the entire radius. I could never have gotten out of it, but I couldn't kill Harvits. Only 12 black traces remained. Sirone calls her Shiok.”

Quan reacted.

“Lian… … You said you couldn't cut it?"

Quan knew best what the power of that ignorant guy's sword was.

"yes. It's not an opponent to subdue by force. That is why we need your help.”

It was a project that Zion's executives had been designing since they came to Tormia under Miro's instructions.

“First of all, Armin-san’s stop magic.” It makes many things possible.

“With time stopped, we will infiltrate into the center of the army of Hell and approach Harvits.”

Dante looked back at Lyria.

“Then you take Havitz out of line through the law. You know how to connect space, right?”

"of course. But will it really work?”

Satan is outside the law.

“If you are a totemist, it is possible. You can set the trap in a non-Satan space.”

Dante continued his explanation.

“It's a full-scale battle if you take Habitz off. the future determined first. I think this can be offset by Sein-san's iron wheel. In addition, Sein-san takes command of the battle.”

It was the best order in the world.

“The second is the absence of an incident. This will be countered through Mei Lei's ear. I will also use <Nemesis>, an object that was effective in Operation La Enemie. It is to share the sound.”

Lyria licked her lips.

“In the end, you just have to listen and fight. Well, should I say that it's a sense of virtuousness?”

“It is different from the case of La Enemie. Only Mei Ray, or Terraforce, can recognize Havitz.”

Mayray came out.

“To be precise, it is to listen to the quantum code, the heart, among the waves. Photon code, no sound can be heard. The waves inside Havitz will be delivered to me. It is a fact confirmed to the Supreme Court Justice.”

“Well, in the past, Terraforce has placed the hearts of mankind and distinguished between good and evil. Looking at it, do you think the sound of your heart is different from your thoughts?”

"yes. It's a wave that represents the whole of the object. Shall we call it the genetics of the mind? Analyzing a specific section of the signal can also tell you where Harvitz is going to move. The problem is manipulating the waves, I think it's impossible, but if it's Satan... …

Dante continued his explanation.

“Including that, Eden protects the combatants. It's a role to prevent a situation where Havitz raids.”

"okay. Then all that remains is a prison of time.”

“Yes, it is quite difficult. Stop won't work. Because we can't already recognize it at the moment the prison is activated. But if you think the other way around, it could be an opportunity.”

Dante raised his index finger.

“After all, it is a defensive ability. It is said that you cannot attack with Shiok. Therefore, we can hit it first before it activates.”

“Before triggering? Is that possible?”

“Usually impossible. Shiok is an immediate enemy. If it's the only way... … Dante turned to the man in the corner.

“Clown Pierrot.”

The extremes of asymmetry beyond the recognition of the other party clearly transcended technology and reached the depths of the law.

Quan was speechless.

“The key is to decapitate Havitz before he can cast Hell. It is the most important role. Can you?” Is the spear first or the shield first?

“… … It's ridiculous.”

While everyone was waiting for an answer, Quan said with a cold smile.

“You shouldn’t think that you are the same as that stupid disciple.”