[254] Another Sky (4)

When the density of Ataraxia exceeded 50%, the students complained of pain because they could not stand the heat of the bracelet.

Mark also twirled the bracelet around and asked Amy.

"Seniors! Is this really safe?”

Amy was also breaking out in a cold sweat.

I honestly wasn't sure. The bracelet didn't get this hot even after fighting among those who used the most fancy magic in the senior class. It was clear that 2,000 times couldn't digest Ataraxia's amount of information.

"I don't know either. It might explode, so be careful.”

“That, like that… … .”

Even so, Amy's eyes were on the 2,000th. Even if the bracelet exploded, it was tenacity to check the result.

Then, Mark followed the example of his senior and turned off his nerves. In the scene where the geniuses of the century clash, is the degree of burns significant?

At that moment, surprisingly, Dante disarmed the automaton. If she is dragged along like this, Sirone's magic circle will be completed, and the tight balance of power will collapse.

Iruki was genuinely amazed.

“It is an excellent choice. I’m even reading the battle channels.”

It is difficult to give up the strategy of conversion. People watching from the outside can say anything, but it is because the inertia of the person who puts their all into a confrontation is not easily bent.

But Dante broke it.

Knowing that being swept away by the opponent's flow is the most lethal thing in battle, I entered the unknown world again. Judging by this judgment alone, Dante was clearly a genius.

'Damn it! I'll never lose as long as I've come this far!'

Dante converted Spirit Zone into sniper mode. Up to 100 amplification magic circles stretched out in a line in front of Dante.

Ultra-precise serial magic circle white sword.

The magic circles rotated around an imaginary line and tightened.

In a smooth series structure that only considers the amplification of power, there should not be even a millimeter of error.

When the automaton was released, Sirone was able to focus on Ataraxia. But the feeling was rather hopeless. 

If it had gone the way it was, the victory would have been its own. But Dante created a variable again.

'That's great, Dante. Well, the country was like that too... … .'

Now it was a battle of who builds the magic circle first. 

Dante's white sword has a much shorter activation time than Ataraxia, but Sirone also accumulated more than 70% of the information through time division.

A smile formed on Dante's lips. Hundreds of magic circles disappeared, but Pascal was still alive.

“This is the difference between you and me.”

Sirone realized what she had overlooked and looked down. Before I knew it, a space movement magic circle was engraved under my feet.

Sirone's body collapsed into the ground, then appeared from the sky and landed headfirst in the exact same spot.

"damn! There was a number like that!”

Nade slammed his fist and exploded in anger. Dante can attack as much as he wants while building a white sword.

Of course, this is also just an instruction from the observer, but in order to win, he definitely should have paid attention.

Iruki let out a sigh as if resigned. Sirone also showed great skills. Only Dante had one more, very minor thing.

“It was a good match. I'll have to admit it.”

Nade shook his fists in resentment. She didn't hate Dante, she hated Dante's perfection.

“That child. I deliberately chose space movement magic.”

“Because the 2,000 times there is a blockage judgment for active magic. Attack magic has room for Sirone to withstand. That's why I inflicted a physical blow. It must be the best defense in the kingdom.”

In the meantime, Dante's white sword was completed. A fire strike was then mounted at the start of the amplification tunnel.

Dante regained his composure and said with a smile.

“This is the end… … !”

Dante's words suddenly stopped. 

The curious students followed Dante's gaze. And as if shocked, he opened his eyes wide. 

Even though Sirone lost consciousness, Ataraxia was still there.

ping.

A drop of information fell on Halo.

ping. Ping Ping.

drop again. And two more drops.

Ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping!

Suddenly, light began to pour in at a tremendous speed.

The halo rotates faster, and the halo is filled with a brilliant light that cannot be seen with the naked eye.

Olivia jumped up in disbelief.

"Nonsense! Information imagines itself!”

Alpheas was also surprised. However, if you knew whose ability Sirone's Ataraxia was, such a phenomenon was only natural.

“It is not human logic. The information system at the stage of thinking for itself the moment it passes the critical point. Isn't that why it's called celestial magic?”

Olivia asked with an absurd expression.

“Heavenly magic? What are you talking about?”

Alpheas was silent. As we will eventually find out after this confrontation, Heaven wasn't as important as this moment.

“Finally we have arrived at our destination. The game will be decided here.”

Alfeas pointed his chin at 2,000 times as if telling him not to miss the good view, and Olivia also turned her head.

Sirone, who had regained consciousness, stood up slowly. The photon of the photon cannon was born as the light sagged in front of him with his head lowered. A single photon cannon created with a bit of mental power.

“Damn it!”

Dante managed to suppress the urge to scream and fired a fire strike. The spear of burning air broke through the magic circle and grew in size.

At that moment, a magic circle was completed in front of Sirone.

Ataraxia with super-magic amplification.

Sirone watched as the fire strikes amplified into white swords rushed in. Then he fired a photon cannon at the center of the fire.

The scene of photons penetrating Ataraxia came to everyone's eyes like slow motion.

And the moment you finally cross the line.

Flash!

The world was filled with light.

All objects beyond Ataraxia were swept away by the massive storm.

The momentary flash reached people's perception a little slowly, and as if the skin of the space was peeled off, wrinkles in the air were revealed and the whole thing was pushed away.

Ching! Ching! Ching! Ching!

At the same time, the sound of breaking glass exploded one after another in the place where the students were gathered. As information processing became overloaded, all the crystal balls in the bracelet exploded. Two thousand times stopped working, and the landscape made of simulation disappeared.

Like a midsummer night's dream, the spectacle disappeared, leaving only dry physics blocks in sight.

nobody spoke up

He had no time to think of anything else as he was thinking about the magic he had just seen. It was the first time that even teachers did magic on such a huge scale. 

Everyone's eyes were focused on Sirone and Dante. 

When they saw the two standing on the same street as the first time, the students became agitated.

The variable was that Dante did not collapse. 

Sirone's magic was so powerful that no one could block it. You can tell just by looking at the amount of information that exceeds 2,000 memories. If it had been a real battle, the existence of Dante would have disappeared without a trace.

But here it is two thousand times, and Dante stands.

Even if the synchro rate is 50%, if anti-magic is in, it's normal to have already lost consciousness.

Maybe the 2,000th system went down before the impact. If so, the distinction between winners and losers becomes a bit contrived.

Given that it was a confrontation between students at school, there was a good chance that the teacher team would end this situation with a beautiful draw.

However, that was not what Sirone's friends, as well as the students who had watched the battle, wanted.

Sirone and Dante fought a match that will go down in history.

It's a selfish idea, but the students present here hoped that their memories would draw a definite conclusion.

Sirone glared at Dante while gasping for breath. Since 2,000 disappeared, there was no choice but to watch, but in fact, he was so exhausted that he couldn't do anything except breathe.

"haha… … .”

Dante let out a laugh. But he was too exhausted to say anything. He struggled to move on, but in the end he could not take three steps and stopped.

His voice leaked out between his slightly parted lips.

"you… … .”

At that moment, blood poured from Dante's nose with a bang. Then, her pupils gradually lost their vitality, and she collapsed to the floor in the same posture as if her giant tree were toppling over.

Iruki said in a trembling voice.

“Goed in. Anti-magic went in before the system turned off.”

Iruki's voice was small, but it passed through the students' heads and heads like telepathy.

“Is it true? Dante lost, right?”

“I guess so? Dante... … That Dante lost.”

At that moment, as if under a group hypnosis, all the students stood up and burst into cheers. The air in the hall vibrated violently as the sound waves mixed together.

“Sirone wins! Sirone beat Dante, the best in the kingdom!”

Mark barely regained his spirit that had flown to the edge of the sky. Hearing the shouts of the students, he seemed to relax, but then another emotion hit him in the chest.

It was the moment when Sirone became the biggest star in the kingdom.

“Aaaaaa! Sirone-senpai won! Now you know who's the best yes? Come on! If anyone else wants to challenge you, go for it!”

Mark was ecstatic as if he had won. Right next to her, Dante's friends were sitting with cool faces, but the adrenaline was overcharged and the trivial thoughts had long been erased from her head.

Killline murmured as if dreaming.

"oh my god… … . Dante... … .”

It was an unbelievable result. However, Dante's face buried in the cold physics block was an undeniable fact.

472 wins out of 473.

and 1 loss.

It was Dante's first defeat when he entered the world of magic, and it was the end of a ten-year undefeated record.

Olivia kept her seat with a calm expression, buried in the shouts of students from all sides.

I was worried about Dante, but I still had to remain neutral. 

Shiina looked at Dante and signaled that he was fine. Only then did a small sigh escape from her mouth.

'Dante lost.'

I never doubted Dante's victory. But oddly enough, there was no emotional turmoil when he lost.

It may be because it doesn't feel like reality yet, but it was a great confrontation that you can safely think that it can't be helped.

'I have to admit this. Dante also poured everything. Sirone was stronger. That's it. but… … .'

The magic Sirone used last time. What is the power of that magic? Judging from the temperament, it was clear that it was Sirone's main specialty, the Photon Cannon.

But to be sure, it was never a photon cannon.

It was a power that even he, a specialist in the magic of words, could only use with determination. No, aside from the power, the amplifying power beyond common sense was the problem. Raising a student-level photon cannon to the power of an archmage was impossible even for him.

Olivia turned to Alfeas. Judging from the fact that she didn't say anything, it was clear that she knew from the start.

Was the reason why I was expecting a fight with Dante because I wanted to see a miracle that would happen with a very small probability? Like a boy rubbing his hands in front of an exciting toy.

'It's like a snail. Is this the one that completely fed me?'

Olivia gnashed her teeth with a look of resentment. However, Alpheas, who thought he would make fun of himself, kept his mouth shut for a long time and did not get out of his thoughts.

'Was it this much power?'

Ataraxia with super-magic amplification.

He heard the story of Sirone's feat and made some predictions, but the power he saw with his eyes was different from what he heard in words.

Above all, it is a confrontation organized by the Kingdom Teachers Association. A correspondent came and was accompanied by a video recording device. 

At this rate, there was no way the king wouldn't move.

---------------------------------------