[242] 6. Magic Clash (2)

“What are you so worried about? I put it on at best, and it made a sound of pain.”

“Then what! How angry will Sirone be if I lose! Why the hell did you single out me? You know. I am… … !”

“I’d rather lose. Rather than running away.”

Nade's steps stopped abruptly. 

Iruki looked back and said.

“Anyway, you and I only need to win one. Can't you see the atmosphere right now? We are the role of the horse that carries Sirone to Dante. that's important It's something we can never do to a non-member.”

“Iruki… … .”

Nade's face was wet with emotion.

“And honestly… … I don't even think you lose There are a few variables, but I chose you because I still have a chance to win. Don’t be pressured and work hard.”

Iruki was right. Whether he won or lost in a match, if Sirone made up his mind to fight, taking him to the enemy could not be entrusted to anyone else.

It was time to take an adventure in order to be confident as Sirone's friend, because I didn't want to have the memory of running away in the distant future.

"okay! Let's try it! What a mess!”

@

The weekend of the first match is back.

The confrontation between Nade and Sabina was not a big issue, but the students had already arrived at the 2,000 training grounds.

Since it was the first confrontation to determine whether or not the match between Sirone and Dante will come to pass, the weight was never low, and the color of the team was clear, so there were many points to watch in many ways.

When Amy arrived at the 2,000 practice center, it was so full of people that there were no empty seats.

“Amy! Here!”

Seriel waved her hand from the first row of the temporarily installed bleachers. She said she was coming early, so she was thrilled with her zeal for arriving early. In the seats next to her, Mark and Maria were also visible.

“Hello, senior!”

Mark greeted with a booming voice, and Maria bowed her head politely. Amy calmly accepted her greeting and sat down next to Seriel.

“Since when have you been here? Are you very free?”

"lol! Actually, I gave Mark a special order. I haven't been here in a while either. Still, you can't watch an event like this from afar. It’s a particularly important match for Sirone.”

“What is important? After all, there are a lot of accidents without knowing it.”

Amy said it insignificantly, but she wasn't calm in her heart. Dante, the air servant, is a name that even she, who was noted for her genius, had a scab in her ear. & nbsp;

A boy who beat the aspiring wizards all over the country and rose to the top of the kingdom's ranks both in name and reality. It was on a different level from the barriers that Sirone had crossed so far.

Sirone also excelled in heaven, but experts shared the common opinion that Dante's information magic was so delicate that even pros couldn't easily imitate it.

“Start! Let's start, senior!"

At Mark's voice, Amy looked 2,000 times. 

Nade and Sabina went into the practice field, and Sirone watched from the side with Iruki.

The referee was supposed to be the 2,000th teacher in charge, but today it was THAAD.

Saad called Nade and Sabina to the center and explained the rules of the match. The point was that in the event of a serious physical conflict, the game could be stopped at the referee's discretion.

Nade and Sabina had a snowball fight without turning their heads like deaf people.

Nade, who had been suffering from pain until 10 minutes ago, seemed calm as if he had finished preparing his mind.

Closer pointed to Nade and said.

“That guy might be an ambush. Even when he dodged my punches on the first day, I got the impression he was a guy used to fighting.”

“No, rather… … .”

Dante shook his head as if denying Closer's words, but he couldn't come up with an afterword.

To simply say that he was used to fighting, there was a strong feeling that something was out of place. If I had to choose a similar type, I would call it Canis, but that wasn't the answer either.

“Anyway, it will be revealed in this confrontation. No matter what opponent, Sabina will win.”

After the explanation, Saad instructed Nade and Sabina to return to their designated locations.

The starting point was determined by agreement between the two sides, 30 meters each and a total of 60 meters.

Although they couldn't reach the spirit zone, it was a distance enough to preemptively strike through the sequence.

“Then, let’s start the confrontation between Nade and Sabina.”

As Saad raised his arms to give the signal to start, the students' voices all at once died down.

Senior students who have experienced 2,000 person-to-person battles say that this moment is the most tense.

This is because the aspect of the confrontation changes depending on how the spirit zone is operated in the beginning, such as forward and backward, attack and defense.

It could be said that it was the cornerstone of the confrontation because the four forms of four ways are basic and various irregular forms create various variables.

"start!"

Nade and Sabina thought the same thing. 

It was an advance, an attack, a preemptive strike.

The confrontation of the sequence ceremony was a whistle. As the spirit zones of the two overlapped, the electric bolt and wind cutter crossed.

In terms of speed, there are not many elements other than photons that can catch up with electricity. However, electric force, which is sensitive to charges, has a disadvantage of low accuracy.

In the end, the wind cutter cut through Nade's arm first. Aiming for the moment when his spirit zone swayed, Sabina hung her haste on herself.

There were only a handful of students who could follow the sight of Sabina as she ran in a zigzag. She felt like she was watching a magic show with human-sized objects moving like cats.

Sabina, who preoccupied Nade's rear, swung her sword, and the blade wind cut Nade's throat and passed by.

'Eating judgment? Is it the end?'

As Sabina thought, a faint electricity ran through her arm. It was Nade's specialty, image copy magic. When she looked away, dozens of Nade were already taking over her surroundings.

"joy! The tricks are quite good!”

Checking them one by one will take time and increase the risk of falling into a trap. Sabina immediately raised her concentration and deployed the cutting flower, an advanced technique. As he put his hands together above his head and spun, wind cutters spread in all directions of him.

One of Nade's visions jumped hastily. Nade, who escaped from the radius of the cutting flower, looked at Sabina with a tired expression.

Long-range wind cutters fired over forty rounds per second. It was definitely beyond the advanced class.

Air magic is divided into a press type that compresses air and a blow type that wields air. In his opinion, Sabina was a wizard specializing in the Blow series.

'Isn't it also possible to use the default mode?'

As Nade concentrated, blue clouds began to rise around him. Electromagnetic bolts pompomed out of the clouds and moved around in linear motion.

"plasma?"

Sabina hurriedly halted her approach. No matter how much she was, she couldn't act stupid in front of the plasma.

“Wow, that’s plasma. That bastard, it must have been a fluke the other time too.”

“Are you stupid? It’s not something you can learn by chance.”

Actual plasma occurs at extremely high temperatures, but in magic that implements the phenomenon, the temperature itself does not rise because it is the realm of batteries. Nevertheless, it was one of the most powerful weapons for the electric wizard. 

Plasma can be seen as a state in which electricity spreads like a cloud and fills the surroundings. In short, just as the fish is king in water, the electric wizard is king in the electric cloud.

The downside of bolt magic is its low accuracy, which is impossible in the realm of plasma, and rather, the trajectory of the bolt can be changed at will. Since the environment itself is electricity, the consumption of mental power for magic is reduced, and above all, it is a passive skill.

An ability that is like a blessing to an electric wizard. 

However, understanding the battery of plasma, which only occurs in extreme environments, was not an easy task even for professionals.

Sabina was nervous for the first time since the battle started. If an electric mage had placed plasma, the combat manual advised against approaching it unless there was a big difference in skill.

"then… … .”

Sabina changed tactics. The only way to attack Nade without penetrating into the realm of plasma was to generate a tornado from the outside and wipe it out entirely.

Upon casting Tornado, several 10-meter-tall vortices danced around.

Nade tried to narrow the distance somehow by disturbing the gaze with image copy.

A single electric shock is all it takes. If you stun for 1 second, no one can withstand the high-speed electric bombardment cast in the realm of plasma.

However, with Haste's nimble movements, Sabina moved around freely for 2,000 times without leaving a gap.

As the area of ​​plasma expands, the number of vortices also increases. Sabina began to merge the 30 tornadoes one by one, as if determined to bet. The number was instantly cut in half, but the size more than quadrupled.

If all the tornadoes merged like this, there would be no place to escape from above 2,000. Nade decided that if he had to do anything, it was time to investigate the crust through the electrical power of plasma.

About 32 percent was metal. 

Of course, it was only an environment implemented with 2,000 pieces of information, but any conductor could be controlled with plasma.

'I'm a bit sorry that it's a different job skill, but... … .'

It was not the time to cover things up. He says that if he loses, the burden of having to arrange a confrontation with Shirone will be borne by Iruki, who remains alone.

Nade generated a magnetic field with plasma. Roughly metallic dust mixed with the rocks shot through the ground. A magnetic storm created an impromptu metal tornado.

Sabina was cold. Although her size is less than a tenth of that of her own tornado, she weighs roughly three tons and is equal in her destructive power if rotated at the same speed.

'no. No one can break my secret weapon!'

Sabina gritted her teeth and combined 15 tornadoes. Rotational fusion is a very advanced technique, but she managed to merge 30 tornadoes in just two minutes.

A whirlwind so huge that it could be called a typhoon arose. Nade's metal tornado rushed toward the eye of the storm.

Everyone knew that this was the last attack.

Two tornadoes collided in the middle of the 2,000, as students watched without breath.

It was a battle of mass and size. Steel tornadoes hacked through the air currents as they danced freely inside the giant tornado.

As the anti-magic worked on Sabina's bracelet, the gauge rapidly decreased.

Nade was also not in a normal state. It's disrupting Sabina's tornado, but the difference in weight class was too much.

“Keuuugh!”

The wind pressure, which is stronger than the magnetic force, was slowly dissolving the metal density and slowing down the speed. At some point in the rotational speeds that cancel each other out, the two forces are precisely meshed.

Sabina's tornado turned into turbulence and dissipated. A roar erupted and the strong wind blew out two thousand times. The friends who were watching from the side could not overcome the wind pressure and were pushed out.

The students waited for the dust clouds that dominated the space to dissipate. Some dust rose and some dust settled, revealing the two figures.

Sabina was bent over, gasping for breath, and Nade was sitting on her knees.

Sade checked the gauges of the two through the master bracelet.

Both of them had lost their mental powers to the bottom, so it was not in a state where anyone could say that they were superior.

However, it was Nade, not Sabina, that the students admired. It was unexpected that he, who was only in the middle of the advanced class, could push Sabina, who was playing all over the country, to this extent.

'You don't know this? Maybe Sabina will lose... … .'

Sabina gasped and walked away. Her pride was hurt by the fact that she had an unexpected match with an unknown student.

---------------------------------------