[53] Overflow(3)

"ha ha ha! Picture book latest issue! How long have I waited for this day?”

Sirone's face turned hot as she glanced over at the picture book. It was far from being famous from the cover. A woman's naked body was drawn from the neck to the thighs, and the phrase 'Women's Human Body Research Society' was written along the sewing line.

“What the hell is that strange book about?”

"aha. you don't know This is just a picture book. It’s a privilege that only a few can enjoy even at magic schools.”

Iruki added.

“In a word, can it be called unproductive play by humans who have nothing to do? Heck heck!"

A picture book is a slang commonly used among students, and it is a collection of semi-nude drawings of women's bodies.  

Of course, it was not an official publication, but an obscene book published by a team of children who majored in painting at school.

The place where it was published was an unofficial research group called the Women's Human Body Research Society. Nonetheless, it was popular among the students who knew it. It was because it was drawn for characters in magic schools beyond simple semi-nude.

Girls, female teachers, and sometimes even male students or male teachers, anyone who belonged to the school could be their model, and that's why the school suffered from headaches.

The school side periodically confiscates publications, but since it is a point organization and a rookie, the key figures are still unknown. According to one theory, it is said that the head of the female body research group is in the senior class, but it has not been confirmed.

After hearing the explanation, Sirone put on a dazed expression. In a sense, it was a research society that committed extraordinary things to the point where it was incomparable to Iruki and Nade.

“So Iruki has read a book like this too? I am surprised.”

Iruki waved his finger without taking his eyes off the chess player.

“It's just information gathering. The Women’s Human Body Research Society is so resourceful that it collects all rumors about the stars.”

Nade showed me the back page of the picture book. As Iruki said, a detailed explanation was attached.

The female student's background and even personal information were recorded in detail, but it was too much labor to call it a hobby.

The reason why she insisted on being semi-nude was also a trick to circumvent the civil law of Creas City. Even so, the posture was lewd, and it was far from art even if an outsider saw it.

Nade, who turned over the picture book, burst into exclamation. 

“Wow! This month is really awesome! Iruki, can I take a look at page 7 here?”

"as you please. Because I already put all the information in my head.”

Sirone stared blankly at Nade. Where the hell are you going to use it after ripping it off? 

“I don’t study to say… … .”

Nade burst into laughter. maybe it's the first time? What about the case of a model student like Sirone entering the supernatural and psychic science research institute, which was a gathering place for nerds?

“Sirone. Get used to it quickly too. When you're here, you'll find that there's a lot more fun than class. If you spend a little time, you will realize that there is absolutely no loss.”

Nade's face hardened rapidly as he turned the next page. She looked at Sirone and said,

“Hey, Sirone. Never be shocked.”

“What is it this time? Is there anything more shocking?”

“No, that’s in the picture book here… … Senior Amy appeared.”

“What? Give it to me!”

Sirone hurriedly took the picture book. An embarrassing picture was decorating the entire page. It was so realistic that it was believable that it was real.

“Sirone. Don't get me wrong, listen. Hey, how similar is it to the picture? I’ve always been curious.”

"It's similar, but it's similar! And how do I know that!”

Iruki shrugged and let out a giggle.

“Can’t you tell by looking at Sirone’s personality? I don't think we're really dating. She honestly hasn't even held her hand yet, has she?”

"joy. You guys are doing well. You don't care about other people's love affairs.”

Sirone turned her gaze back to the picture book. He was a great skill apart from other thoughts. Would you say it feels like a person is alive on paper?

'Even if I don't know, it's a great talent. But why are you doing this?'

Sirone tore out the page. It was really unpleasant for Amy to make her page in a book like this.

“Ugh… … .”

When I couldn't bear to look at it and tore the page with my head turned, Ned burst into laughter holding his belly button. 

“Puhahaha! what are you doing now Don't be too sensitive. Anyway, except for the face, it's a figment of imagination. You haven't actually seen it."

Sirone rolled her eyes. Whether she was imaginary or real, Amy was a friend who fought alongside the Black Magician. If she could, she wanted to find and disband the Society for the Study of the Female Human Body.

“Anyway, stop reading these books, and let’s do something productive if you don’t want to study. It's definitely a study group, but are you going to be messing around like this all day?”

Realizing that studying here was out of the question, Sirone decided to find something she could do with her friends.

“Then why don’t we take a look at Nade’s invention? The patent list of Nade, the master of all things.”

"Oh right! I haven't shown it to Sirone yet.”

Nade crawled under the table again. Curious to see what was in the garbage heap, Shirone bent down to look inside. Surprisingly, the safe was concealed.

"Voila! How are you, Sirone? Can you see this?”

Sirone blinked blankly. There was nothing in Nade's hand. However, when I looked closely, I felt that the scenery was scattered around certain boundaries.

“Can this be?”

"haha! This is the Invisibility Cloak!”

An invisibility cloak is an object that refracts light using electrical power and creates the illusion that light passes through it.

“You mean you really made it? this?”

Sirone couldn't believe it. Although he did not have great knowledge in magical engineering, he was fully aware of how valuable the invisibility cloak was.

Electric magic has a strong aspect in the field of combat, but it also has infinite value industrially.

In fact, the magic that electric wizards mainly use was illusion-type magic that creates illusions, not lightning magic.

The best magic in the illusion series is invisible magic, Invisibility, and it was the invisible magic that could produce the same effect.

Even though it was not Nade's original invention, being able to imitate and even produce an invisibility cloak required engineering at the level of a working professional.

“My dream is to become a magic engineer. Of course, compared to expensive invisibility cloaks on the market, it's pretty lame. First of all, the material is inferior and the charging technology is inferior, so the effect does not appear for only one hour after the electric power is injected. But is this good enough?”

As soon as he put on the cape, Ned's figure disappeared. The quality of an invisibility cloak depends on the refractive index of light. If the refractive index falls below 95 percent, it cannot be called transparent, so a 1 percent difference becomes the standard for determining technological prowess. Nade's current skills couldn't produce 100% refractive index, but the transparency effect was a sure perfection.

As Nade moved, a blurry boundary line was detected. However, as much as when she stopped, she couldn't tell if someone was there without observing closely.

Sirone was a series of admiration. Independently making commercially available magic weapons was only possible with alchemy knowledge in addition to magical knowledge.

"amazing. Wouldn’t your grades have been much better if you had put that effort into your studies?”

"ha ha ha! Things like that happen, too. But I'm happiest when I'm making things rather than magic. There are many more besides this one. look."

Nade took out various items from the safe again. A miniature wagon powered by electricity. Things like hologram vision, where illusions appear when you put a picture on a crystal board, were also quite complete.

Among them, there were things like flash bombs and smoke bombs that incorporated Iruki's ideas, but they fell far short of Nade's patent list.

Sirone realized from Nade's enthusiastic introduction. It's not a waste of talent. Rather, he was ahead of his peers in his field.

“The power unit of this wagon has a rotational speed per second… … . huh?"

Nade, who was talking frantically, looked up at the ceiling as the room suddenly shook. Her vibrations intensified and her pieces fell from side to side as her chessboard rocked.

Iruki immediately ran out, checked the hallway, and returned. A look of urgency was evident on his face, as if he had realized something.

"shit! Teacher is up! Put things away quickly!”

"what? What is it?”

There was no time to explain. Nade hid the picture book with skillful movements, and gathered together things like smoke bombs, the unofficial operating funds of the research society, and threw them into the safe. When the items in violation of the rules were disposed of, he shouted as he led the confused Sirone to the sofa.

“Sirone! Sit over here! It's a surprise inspection!”

The machinery of Eastas began to operate. A red warning light blinking in the hallway announced that sooner or later the warehouse with the research group would be summoned to the first floor.

“The teacher is coming? But what if you sit down? I need to say hello.”

Nade made Sirone sit down on the sofa as she tried to stand up.

“Enough! Act calmly as if nothing happened. If you get caught in a picture book or a smoke grenade, probation won’t end.”

"uh? uh, okay.”

Sirone returned her mind with her unique mental method. At the mind control that even felt the cold on his face, his friends stuck out their tongues even in the midst of their urgency. After preparing for a bout of war, they waited for Istas to arrive on the ground.

* * *

“Whoa, annoying.”

Shiina rubbed her head with a headache. It takes at least 3 minutes to bring the warehouse down to the first floor in Estas. It was enough time to cover up the scene as well as run away.

In the past, some teachers had raided the Supernatural Psychic Research Society without Estas running. However, after wandering around the building for over an hour, I couldn't find the lab.

On the other hand, members freely entered and exited the laboratory. I had a rough idea of ​​how it would be. It is to infer the movement line by analyzing the moving pattern of the cube centered on the laboratory.

Estas is commercialized as a magic warehouse, but the manufacturer is still not disclosing the blueprint. It was not enough that a student 20 years ago had released such a thing, and it was nothing but absurd for the teachers to use it as a cover-up technique for the study group.

Shiina crossed her arms and wiggled her legs until the form of Estas reached completion. 3 minutes felt too long.

'The more I think about it, the more I get mad. How did you find a pattern that even the teachers couldn't find? No, once you find it, you should use it for something constructive. What the hell could these study groups be good for?'

This is why the study group in the dark is a problem. If you are simply doing bad things, you can control them at school. However, in most cases, their intellectual abilities were already out of the school's control.

Even in the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Society, it was composed of children with extraordinary brains enough to play with rogue clubs like the Black Magician if they wanted to.

'What was Sirone thinking when he joined? Even if it's an immortal function, how helpful are these children? Furthermore, if I joined here, the performance evaluation would be a mess.'

Nade is normal at school, but at the research club, he shows off his alertness like other children in the shadows. Iruki, a troublemaker in Class 5 who is born with the ability of Servant Syndrome, but skips class whenever he is bored. In addition, Sirone, now the best model student in the school, intervened. No matter how much you think about it, how can three people who don't get along well together?

'Is talent attracting talent? Well, at least Nade and Iruki would be able to interact on an equal footing, but... … .'

---------------------------------------