[21] Learn magic (4)

Ethella continued her explanation while moving her steps comfortably, uncharacteristic of a person who has entered the Spirit Zone.

“Now, this is the basic form of the Spirit Zone. It covers all space equally. However, in practice, there are few opportunities to use the entire space except in special circumstances. Let me give you an example.”

As Etella snapped her fingers, a target floated 20 meters away.

“A sphere 10 meters in diameter cannot enchant that target. You have no choice but to move it yourself or increase the size of the Spirit Zone. However, if you change the shape, this method is also possible.”

Etela's zone lengthened in the direction of the target. The volume is the same, but the shape is changed to catch the target.

“When you change the shape of your spirit, the shape of the Spirit Zone changes as well. Then like this... … .”

Ethella held out her hand and said.

"fire."

The fire went out with a bang and burned the target 20 meters away. The first class, the students, opened their eyes. Etella, who had been ridiculed for her meek appearance, suddenly looked great.

“But there is a fatal flaw with this method.”

At Etella's continued words, the freshmen were embarrassed. It was because of the embarrassment that the previous demonstration was actually a bad example.

“John's form can be transformed in many ways. However, if you have to calculate the form every time in a real battle against seconds, that would also be inefficient. So the wizard patterns some shapes. Those are the four patterns of the Spirit Zone, the four ways of the Zone.”

Sirone's heart was pounding at the first concept.

“The first of four methods is the defensive type.”

Etela's spirit zone tightened and transformed into a cube with 20 triangular faces. It was a rough shape, but from a distance, it was a shape close to a sphere.

“The base of the defensive type is the cube. It is to build a mental skeleton with a frame. The more frames, the stronger the durability, and it is a form that can protect as many allies as possible. Next comes the offensive type.”

Etela changed the shape of the Spirit Zone. The spherical surface area seemed to decrease, and dozens of long spines came out in all directions.

“The aggressive type is called the star shape. Instead of reducing the central area, it stretches out numerous zones. Because it covers all directions, it eliminates the need to consider the location of the target and is useful when dealing with multiple enemies. Next is the target type.”

The John of Ethella changed again. With her as the center, her spirit zone extends north, south, east, west, and forms the shape of her cross.

“The basis of the target type is the cross. It has the longest range among the basic types of the four-way type, and it has less firepower than the offensive type, but it can easily capture the target. It rotates the zone around the mage and captures the target.”

With a snap of her fingers, targets began to wander around Etela. Correspondingly, Ethella pursued her targets with a keen eye.

“45 degrees to the side. fire."

Sparks were fired whenever the cross, spinning like a whirlwind, grabbed targets. The magic was cast simultaneously from front to back, left and right, and there was no error as if eyes were attached to the back.

“What you need to master in the target type is the rotation speed of the spirit zone. At the extreme, there is a straight type with the highest range, but I don't use it unless it's a sniper style. Because the mage is at the end of a straight line, turning is extremely difficult.”

After showing three forms, Etella wiped her glasses for a while.

“The last breakaway type is to shift the center of the zone. In other words, it moves your brain.”

Sirone did not understand her words. The center of the zone is the wizard's head. But how do you move it?

Ethella returned to its basic form.

After a while, the spirit zone started to move while maintaining the shape of the sphere. 

After 10 seconds, the Spirit Zone completely detached from Stella's body.

Sirone was shocked. If John is the spirit of a wizard, what the hell is at the center of that John?

“This is the breakaway type. It is a special form among the four ways. If the spirit zone is all-in-one, the break-away type can be said to be all-in-one. The larger the breakaway distance, the smaller the zone becomes, and it is a method that is difficult to master to the extent that there is a separate wizard specializing in it. However, it can move the fastest of the four methods and is instantaneous.”

Ethella showed the four ways in a row for the last time. It hardened into her cube, then sprung into a star shape, stretched into a cross shape, then returned to her sphere before John broke away from her body and whirled rapidly around her.

“Wow… … .”

The students of Class 7 finally realized. The continuous transformation of the four-way method was not meant to be carried out in one or two years. The teacher in front of me was not a foolish purebred, but a certified 6th grade wizard.

“You will be practicing this four ways in the future. It is to perform the four forms repeatedly. Then, from now on, we will practice class by class.”

Students were graded according to difficulty level. Sirone also took Etella's class with the class 7 students.

“First, let’s look at the defensive type. Mages specialize in areas they are good at depending on their inclination, but it is better to constantly sharpen their defensive type. You can concentrate even on a chaotic battlefield, and most of all, you have the strength to resist anti-magic.”

Sirone recalled the warnings she had heard yesterday. The staff didn't answer, but the question remained after that.

“Sir, I have a question for you. ah! Hey, can I ask you a question?”

“Hehe, feel free to ask any questions. Surely asking if I can ask a question isn’t a question, is it?”

"yes. Why is anti-magic forbidden magic? In fact, countless wizards are researching anti-magic legally.”

“Hmm, let’s see. There are two types of anti-magic. Sorcerers' anti-magic and artifacts. Do you know this?”

“Yes, I know.”

“Antae Magic is not magic, but rather a spirit zone with special properties. That's why the efficiency differs depending on the wizard's spirit. It is different from Artifact.”

“You say it can be dangerous if you approach it clumsily.”

“Exactly. Accidents may occur if cast in a clumsy manner . A magician who majored in anti-magic only trains it for the rest of his life. Most of them are ruthless. Schools don't want to encourage you, who are still students, to do that.”

Sirone nodded. It was nothing else but magic to destroy each other's minds, so it wasn't a subject to be studied in school.

"ruler! Then I will come back and perform the four ways.”

The students of Class 7 each went into practice. Sirone also practiced the free form. The trick was to build the mental framework first and connect it.

After practicing for a long time, Sirone felt her spirit zone harden and opened her eyes. She couldn't confirm it because it wasn't in the Image Zone, but she seemed to have accomplished something.

Sirone's tendency itself was a convergent type, so he benefited from it, but it was an amazing achievement even taking this into account. He was a master of hard work, for six years he only performed the Spirit Zone.

“Wow! Look at that!”

At that time, classmates pointed at Image Zone and shouted. She practiced while the students of Class Four took turns, and now Amy was demonstrating a spectacular spectacle.

Amy was the target type. She was firing sparks as she twisted angles, her cross turning 90 degrees to the right and then 270 degrees to the left.

John's length was about 20 meters, which was an acceptable level for a target type, but the rotational speed of the shaft was unimaginable.

Even though targets came up from all sides, the number of fireworks fired from four directions was equivalent to a continuous fire.

Amy, who destroyed 120 targets in an instant, took the zone. Outstanding skills in a beautiful appearance. Her juniors looked up to her with her sparkling eyes.

“Is that senior Karmis Amy?”

“The face of the 1st class is no joke, and what’s more, even the skills. If I can go out with a senior like that, my school life will be over.”

“Arthur. I heard that there are more than 100 men who confronted that senior. Even so, you don't even look at me.”

“What do you think? Karmis is a family recognized even in the kingdom.”

After hearing the conversation between the children of Class 7, Sirone realized something new. How could a girl from such a good family be hanging out with bullies six years ago?

While thinking that, Sirone shook her shoulders. Amy, coming down from the Image Zone, was staring straight at Sirone. Naturally, the other students also turned their attention to Sirone.

"what? Do you two know each other?”

"It's not? Aren’t you the kid who entered school yesterday?”

“Aren’t you infatuated? A person who doesn’t even want to make eye contact with men.”

Hearing the whispers, Amy hurriedly looked away. He made a mistake like this. But she honestly felt like she was going crazy.

To Amy, Sirone was the only one who knew about her immature past. She, of course, is not mature now, but since she started learning magic, she was the one who liquidated all her past.

'No way. I'm in my senior year soon, and if rumors spread here, everything could be ruined. What should I do now?'

Amy went back to her seat, but no one wanted to use the Image Zone. She was the number one in the advanced class, both in name and reality, so no matter who stepped forward, she would only be humiliated in front of her juniors.

Sirone thought this was an opportunity and went to see Etella.

"Sir, if it's okay, may I come in?"

"huh? To the image zone?”

Ethella tilted her head. Is there any reason for a student who has just started learning the principles of the square method to use Image Zone?

"wait for a sec… … The principles are supposed to be used by advanced users first.”

Ethella waited for a while. But she still didn't want to use Image Zone. She agreed in the sense of giving her experience rather than teasing expensive gadgets.

"good. It would be good to try beforehand. However, the target should not be raised. Because you might get hurt.”

"yes. I think it would be good to see the image of the defensive type with your own eyes.”

"huh?"

Etella asked what she was talking about, but Sirone didn't hear and left.

When I went up to the image zone, the seniors whistled and clapped. Rather than encouragement, it was clear that he wanted to see a joke, but Sirone didn't care and walked to the center.

Amy, who was drinking water, turned her gaze to the commotion. And as soon as she found Sirone, she squirted out the water that had been in her.

“Poo-wook!”

“Amy, are you okay? what's the matter?"

“What the hell is he doing? Speaking of Class 7, what are you going to do over there?”

Due to an unexpected incident, the class has become like a break time. But Sirone was seriously concentrating. 

Upon entering the spirit zone, the sphere rapidly swelled. The moment she saw it, her breath caught. Overwhelmed by the image, Sirone unknowingly stopped expanding.

The noisy students were at a loss for words. The size of the zone was 20 meters in diameter. Given that the average diameter of Class 7 was 13 meters, it was safe to say that it was the appearance of a large freshman.

"wow! It's big.”

"joy. Does it become magic just because it's bigger? It's like air bubbles."

Sirone was embarrassed. Clearly, the frames that were successful before entering the image zone were bending like candy.

'Why not?'

Are you distracted by seeing the Spirit Zone? Of course, the possibility was sufficient. 

But Sirone didn't think he was that weak. It was clear that he had a problem somewhere fundamental.

'Oops! I see!'

If the four-way system is implemented in its current state, the Spirit Zone will inevitably collapse. This is because Sirone, a beginner, needs much more mental strength than an expert to change the four ways.

There was a shortage of materials to build the building. With a diameter of 20 meters, it was not possible to construct a frame as solid as steel.

'I have to raise it to the maximum.'

---------------------------------------