[203] 2. The Age of Turbulence (3)

“Big! It can't be like this! What I do... … !”

Tabu crouched down with all his might.

As the powerful physical force pulled the chain, a sense of resistance was immediately transmitted to Sirone's brain.

It was formidable strength.

Sirone further increased the tensile strength of the Shining Chain with the durability of the Geumgang Buddha.

Unable to hold on, Tabu's body stretched out wide, and a scream of anger burst out.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

The cost of resistance was high. The chains of light broke through the hard surface of Tabu and dug in. 

The limbs were grotesquely bent, and the back was bent at impossible angles that would soon break.

“Quack, heck, heck.”

Taboo was ridiculous.

It was the first time in my life that I had such a miserable appearance. Even for mere humans.

“Yeah, you got the catch. But what are you going to do now? How long can you not hold out?”

Considering the durability of the tab, the only way to remove it is with a laser. However, the problem was that other magic could not be cast while the gravity chain was maintained.

Iruki, whose thought circuit is unique, uses the Double Spirit Zone, but it is extremely difficult for a normal human to have two thoughts at the same time.

Of course, there are rules with exceptions, but most magics inevitably have delays.

For example, there was a case where other magic could not be cast during teleportation.

In particular, Shining Chain was a continuous magic that consumed mental power in real time like Fire Wall, so it was impossible to attack Taboo with other magic.

“Where have you taken your friends?”

“I went to the angel's resting place. To give birth to the Nephilim. Kuck, that's too bad. Because I am not your child.”

Bloody eyes rose in Sirone's eyes.

The word Nephilim did not even come into my ears. I didn't know the circumstances, but I knew that something terrible was about to happen.

Taboo pulled his tongue out to the root and shook it.

“Kekeke! give up! You who are at a loss even for a single Mara will never be able to be saved. By now, women are miserable... … Kuck!”

As the chain of light tightened with great force, Tabu's neck snapped.

A grinding sound could be heard from Sirone's molars.

“Be careful with your words. I won't let you go.”

“Hahaha! Exciting? But why don't you listen a little more? This is an incredibly funny story! Is it really a forbidden fruit?”

Sirone raised the tension to the limit.

He didn't know how far the limit was, but right now he just wanted to make sure that Tabu couldn't talk.

“Kuaaaaa!”

A scream broke out.

An irresistible force began to oppress me.

Tabu felt it. 

This was the end of myself.

“Don’t be arrogant. i come back On the day when human depravity reaches its peak, I will come to you! certainly… … Wow!”

Hard!

Goosebumps were heard all over Tabu's body. 

Unlike the sound of human bones breaking, it was the sound of hard rocks crunching.

When the Shining Chain disappeared, only Tabu's corpse remained. Her whole body was grotesquely twisted, as if she had crushed a clay doll with her hands.

Kanis was cold at the power of the Shining Chain.

If the taboo were to be crushed, it would have been able to crush quite a few creatures with ease. Like a rabbit caught in a trap, it has no choice but to be deprived of the right to escape from life and death.

As soon as Tabu was extinguished, Sirone fell to the floor. His shoulders trembled as he gripped the soil with both hands.

I didn't feel the thrill of succeeding in magic, nor the sense of accomplishment of defeating a taboo. Amy, Tess, and Arin are kidnapped. And said to give birth to the Nephilim.

A maddening urge pounded in my chest. She had never hated herself so much.

Feope flew to Sirone.

Because she was a master of magic, I was able to guess just how much mental power goes into the Shining Chain.

"you… … are you okay?"

Feope mustered up the courage to ask, but Sirone didn't even respond. He listened closely and heard a mutter, 'It's because of me.'

Peope, who had a tantrum for no reason, pointed and nagged.

"you stupid! So why do you grow your business like this? Even if it is a fallen angel, it is a higher law than Sharmain. What will the people of this district do in the future! all because of you... … .”

“Aaaaaaa!”

Feope's shoulders shook.

Sirone's face was a mess when he raised his head. 

Anger, resentment, and sadness mixed together, like a person falling down a cliff.

"because of me… … Because of me, Amy... … Tess is... … Arin... … . All because of me.”

Feope couldn't nag any more.

Sirone's gaze was not that of a living person. I couldn't find the appearance of Ilhwa denying alcohol and shouting at Lee Ki-rin.

“Women will be safe. So far.”

Sirone looked back at Girin. Immobilized at the cost of her pretense, she was lost in her thoughts with her serious face.

“All right? How are you safe?”

“The reason Ikasa took the women was because they were virgins. It is to insert angelic information into the body of a woman who has not given birth to a child, and conceive a Nephilim.”

said Canis.

“Isn’t that more dangerous then? I don't know about you, but humans have chastity.”

“What you think will not happen. Angels consider it a shame to have relations with humans.”

said Ryan.

“Are you saying the opposite is possible? There is no guarantee that it will not happen in the worst case scenario.”

“Possibility and probability are different. Angels are a species with both sexes. Therefore, they can relate to humans, but they will not do anything to defame them under any circumstances.”

Sirone regained hope from Girin's words.

If an angel is a ruler who upholds principles and beliefs, there is still a chance to rescue them. In addition, depending on the situation, Amy and the others may also create variables.

Rian put his hand on Sirone's shoulder.

“Sirone, how are you? Have you calmed down a bit now? I've never seen you so angry."

“Sorry, I was too excited. I should have thought of rescuing my friends.”

"are you okay. Because I wasn't crazy either."

Anyone would have. Just as Amy was precious to Sirone, Tess was a friend she depended on to Lian. He also had an existence that Kanis must protect.

'scale… … .'

Canis' heart was burning like never before.

It is Arin who protected Radum's cruel life. But she is so easily taken away.

Why couldn't he run straight to Ikasa?

because it is weak Hope, happy future, those things made my heart weak.

'Arin, wait a bit.'

Canis decided to go back to her days as Radum's wild dog. If he was given another chance, he would not regret his life and focus on destroying the enemy.

Sirone asked.

"tell me. What must I do to get to the angel's resting place?"

Peope asked as if it was absurd.

“You know what? Are you really going to get it?”

“Of course I should go. Do you know how to get there?”

Of course you know how. Besides, I had a rough idea of ​​where Amy and the others had been taken. But because of that, he also knew that Sirone couldn't go. It was an angel's resting place that even Girin could not enter without permission.

“I can’t let you in! Don't you know what I mean? Whether it's a heretic or a Nephilim, if you go, you'll die!”

“You don’t know until you try.”

Feope beat her chest as if frustrated. Sirone also defeated a strong enemy called Tabura, but the level of the angel was different.

Even the fallen angel, Ikasa, could only die if he tried to attack with skills that could not be matched.

“Calm down, you fool! The place you are going to is the sixth thousand jebul! This is where real angels live!”

Angels are strong. It was not that he was stronger than anyone else, but that he was a being at the top of all living things since he was born.

But Sirone had to go where they lived. Amy and her friends were waiting.

“Peope, if you had been taken by someone, how afraid would you have been?”

“What are you talking about, all of a sudden?”

“What do you think? Wouldn't it be eagerly waiting for someone to come and save it? Wouldn’t he be encouraged by the thought that his friends would not abandon him?”

Sirone bit his lip.

“Maybe I can't get it. But don't destroy the hopes of your friends. If we give up here, the captives will have nothing left.”

Feope couldn't admit it. No matter what kind of misayeogu you wrap, it doesn't change that you die.

If everyone is faithful to their own death, the world is harmonious. Why do humans regard the impossible as beautiful?

A Mecca man approached.

“The resting place of angels is the sixth heaven, Jebul. Geographically, it's right next to Sharmain. But it's a 5th level or higher area, so you can't go right in. You have to go through the procedure and turn around from the 2nd millennium, which will take a few days.”

“There is no procedure required. How long will it take in a straight line?”

“Go straight. It would be impossible to cross the barrier of Heaven anyway, and if we were to go directly to the Sixth Heaven from here, it would take about a day.”

It was a lot farther than expected. Judging by the speed of Ikasa's flight, she should have already arrived at her destination. 

In a situation where it was unclear whether or not the jebul was allowed to enter, a one-day suspension was tantamount to a death sentence for the women.

“There is one way.”

A man in his 50s walked by. Judging by his appearance and clothing, he was an old man.

“Is there a way? How?”

“I’m going to District 1 from here. It is the innermost area of ​​Sharmain. Since it is close to the center of heaven, it will be possible to shorten the time by going to Jebul from there along the central road.”

Heaven is divided into six equal parts of the pie centered on Arabot. Therefore, the closer to Arabot, the shorter the arc length, so it was possible to drastically reduce the movement line.

“How long does it take to get to Area 1 from here?”

“About 12 hours?”

Sirone became sullen again. It would be shorter than a day, but it was still too far to do anything.

A smile formed on the corner of the Norse's mouth.

“If you go the usual way. There is a portal in Sharmain managed by the Norse. If you use the light spot, you can go all the way to Area 1 at once.”

There was such a way. Sirone, who had traveled through the spot of light in Purgatory, realized that the man's method was the only solution.

“Please take us there. Are there any other problems?”

“If you have to question it, it must be that it is strictly controlled by the subjects. But I can handle that. Because I'm the controller on duty there.”

Sirone shuddered, unable to even laugh at the joke. For the first time, I have hope. 

perhaps… … Maybe you can save your friends.

Kanya came over with tears in her eyes.

“I’m sorry, Sirone. Just because of our family. but… … thank you. really… … .”

Sirone wiped away Kanya's tears. In exchange for denying Ilhwa's alcohol, his friends were in danger, but how could it be his subjects' fault?

True power hides behind the system and is invisible. He knew where the arrows of his wrath should be directed.

“It's not your fault. Don't worry, I will definitely save my friends."

"Wait!"

Lena ran from the fork in the plaza. She was hugging the Mecha equipment, Cigna and Xd.

“I brought it just in case you didn’t know. I wonder if it will help.”

Items in Mecca are privately coded, but swords and shields belonged to public equipment, so anyone could use them. 

Rent is prohibited by law, but no one paid attention to Ilhwa's drunken yard.

The equipment will be needed by Ryan.

Wizards have a gimmick that twists the phenomenon, so they can cause variables even when fighting strong enemies, but the swordsman was all about honest brute force. As such, the proportion of equipment occupied was high.

---------------------------------------