[40] Another Genius (2)

“Which do you prefer, Etella-sensei or Shiina-sensei? Ah, Sirone doesn't care because Amy-senpai is there? Nade, how are you?”

"hmm. My taste is Miss Etella. Of course, Shiina-sensei is fine too.”

"Oh oh! comrade After all, Teacher Ethella is the best. Her face is young and her body is amazing. Especially her breasts... … Ugh."

Ethella was charming. Her large glasses made her look blinding, and her waist-length hair was loosely tied up, but she was beautiful nonetheless. In particular, her voluptuous volume, as if her body had grown from the face of a young child, was the number one priority that students were enthusiastic about.

The children, who had been arguing, suddenly stopped talking, finished the conversation, and walked away. Thinking it strange, Sirone interrupted the Spirit Zone and turned her head away. & nbsp;

A grotesque-looking boy was walking. It was Iruki, the eccentric Mercodyne of Class Five. Because of his direct personality, his classmates shun him, but his friend Nade is different.

"Howdy. Iruki. Are you here to practice?"

"no. patrolling the territory. What are you talking about so much fun?”

“It’s just the same. Which of the teachers is better, or something like that.”

Nade suddenly realized and looked back at Sirone.

“Ah, Sirone! Is this your first time talking? It's a guy named Iruki. An outsider of Class Five.”

It's been a month since he was promoted to Class 5, but it was the first time he met Iruki. It wasn’t that I intentionally avoided it, it was because I skipped more days than attended classes.

"Ohh! Ariane Sirone. Aren't you a genius that schools pay attention to? I’m so honored that I should write it down in my diary.”

Sirone could see why the children kept away from him. He had a look that analyzed people, and a twisted feeling came out even in the way he spoke.

"hi? i am syron Good luck in the future.”

“Geuk, what is the genius asking for? I've been watching you since Class Seven. It’s the same when you succeed in breaking away, and when you cross a bridge you can’t cross.”

"huh? You said you were watching me?”

Sirone realized at that moment. A voice as thin as scratching iron. It was the voice that gave advice when the Spirit Zone was shaken by the criticism of the children.

“Then was it you who told me then?”

“I said something because I was frustrated. I didn’t like being swayed by children.”

Iruki waved his hand as if it were annoying, but from Shirone's point of view, it was something he was grateful for. Had it not been for his advice, he would have had a much harder time coming out of his slump.

"thank you. It really helped me a lot.”

Iruki stared at Sirone.

“Are you a very boring kid?”

"huh? Not funny?"

It's the first time I've heard it in my life, and it made me feel strangely bad. Then Nade, with his extraordinary flair, turned her mood around.

“Hey, hey! Iruki. But it's rude to say that to someone who says thank you.”

Iruki shrugged and turned around.

"okay? It was a compliment. try your best anyway Of course, I won't go easy on it. There are a lot of bad guys in Class Five. Kick kick kick.”

Nade shouted at Iruki's back as he walked away.

“Hey, where are you going? Let's practice together.”

"bothered. Go to sleep.”

Sirone opened her mouth as if it were absurd. She says class is annoying and she sleeps. Class Five was located at the top of the advanced class. I couldn't understand how a child like that could have come this far.

"little… … You seem to have a strange personality.”

“I’m sorry, Sirone. When you get to know him, he's not that bad."

"but… … .”

"haha! I know what you're thinking. Just digging in will only make us tired. That guy is a genius too. It’s a problem because he’s a different type of genius than you.”

"genius? Is Iruki a genius?”

"aha! You don’t know because you haven’t been in school for a while.”

Nade told me about a person named Iruki. Contrary to the word genius, his grades were similar to Nade's. But none of his classmates looked down on him for his skills.

Iruki was the epitome of a lopsided human being. In subjects such as literature and art that depend on emotion, he undoubtedly gets a perfect score, but in subjects that require computational ability, he was a genius who got a perfect score even with his eyes closed.

At first, the teachers also had their eyes on Iruki's talent, and everyone tried to be in charge. However, the personality was so naive that most of them had given up now.

Nevertheless, in the field of mathematics, as it is said that he surpassed even graduates, many teachers made observations that he would leave Class Five sooner or later.

Iruki's field of specialization was computational physics, which is only possible for people with special brain functions.

In the academic world, those with brains capable of such calculations are called 'Savant Syndrome'. Usually, it is expressed in autistic children, but savant syndrome also appears in normal people.

The cause is not clear, but the prevailing opinion is that a unique thinking circuit different from that of humans was opened in the process of natural healing after a specific part of the brain was damaged during the fetal period.

Insight also has a similar aspect in that it uses a different thinking circuit than thinking, but Iruki's Servant Syndrome is different in terms of mechanical calculation.

Iruki can derive the date 40,000 years from today in one minute. Also, if you don't sleep, it is possible to recite the decimal number of the pi for the rest of your life.

After hearing Nade's explanation, Sirone opened her mouth in a daze. Really, if that was possible, it was a great talent.

“Why is such a person still staying in Class Five? No, no matter how you say it, does it make sense to be a baker? Even if you take a picture, you will get some questions right.”

“Quack. I mean, it's always been like this. As for what happened a month ago... … .”

Nade told an anecdote about when Iruki took the theory test. As expected, he got a perfect score in the natural sciences, but the problem was that he was annoyed by the teachers in the literature test.

Poet Gilberto's <Life is Fallen Leaves> was a problem in which part of the poem was extracted.

When asked to answer the reason why the leaves fell in staggered lines in the last line of the poem, 'Falling leaves falling in staggered lines', most of the students submitted their opinions in such a way as to express fear of death.

But Iruki's answer was this.

- Since the speed of the fluid (gas in this case) flowing on the surface of the leaf is affected by different air resistance, the sum of the force vectors acting on the pressure moves in the direction where it is greater.

The equation using the standard model of fallen leaves is attached below.

It was a strange formula that I couldn't even understand below. Teachers who knew Iruki's personality thought it was so and passed it off, but his literature teacher, Adelia, could not tolerate it.

A mother of three, she ran to the lecture hall with her plump body. She then put her test paper down in front of Iruki, who was waiting for her class, demanding her explanation.

“Iruki! What is it?”

“It’s a test.”

“Not that! Look at the answer you wrote! This is a literature test, not a math test!”

“Isn’t the very distinction between mathematics and literature proving the fiction of literature?”

Adelia's chubby face turned red like a whole roast.

“What do you think you know? you are a student It's still a few years too early to act like a major! There are deep and subtle ideas that you cannot grasp mathematically.”

“Sir, there is no such thing. If some parts of the world are illogical, then how do we live in fear? My body might turn into an orc right now.”

“So you mean everything is logical? Even poet Gilberto’s verses?”

"Sure. That's why I wrote the answer.”

Adelia cheered for a while, then pointed and shouted.

“Then answer me. A thousand innocent people are at risk of death. But you have the power to save everyone by killing one other innocent person. What will you choose?”

“Kill a thousand people. A thousand lives is a proof, and one life is a hypothesis. It is a formula that cannot be equalized from the beginning.”

Adelia superhumanly suppressed the resentment rising up in her stomach. If it came out this way, she had an idea for her too.

“Is there a God or not? Answer me!”

“It may not be.”

Adelia became even more venomous.

“Which do you like more, mom or dad? Just answer me!”

“Mom, Dad.”

"get out."

Adelia's fingertips trembled as she pointed to the classroom door.

“Get out, you son of a bitch! You don't even deserve to be in my class! get out!"

At Adelia's suggestion, a faculty meeting was held. In the end, the teachers, who judged that Iruki's problem solving was mixed with mockery of the teaching authority, gave all the scores for humanities subjects as a bread mark.

"wow! It's really no joke.”

Upon hearing the anecdote of Iruki, Sirone couldn't believe that he was an 18-year-old student like herself.

It was a great pulpit to push through one's thoughts as a student, as well as to have a temper to attack teachers.

"haha! Because it is. Anyway, that's his personality. He's really hard to get along with."

“Once I heard it, I can understand why you said it wasn’t interesting to me if you had that kind of personality. But why did you say that was a compliment?”

“I don’t know what. I may have seen something extraordinary in you that is different from others. So I deliberately introduced myself. Maybe I could get along with you.”

Shirone became curious about a boy named Iruki. Had she known it would be like this, she would have tried to talk a little more. While looking for Iruki with such thoughts, Shirone opened her eyes in surprise.

"uh? Nade, look over there.”

Iruki was facing the image zone with a sleepy face. As he approached, the children backed off on their own. Rather than avoiding people because they didn't like them, it was rather an atmosphere of giving up their seats.

"shit! What's that kid thinking? Let's go.”

Sirone ran to the Image Zone following Nade. In addition to the two, students were gathering one by one.

“Why is that child like that again? Aren’t you going to take off your clothes and lie down like before?”

Sirone's eyes widened at someone's words. There are female students, but taking off their clothes.

Contrary to concerns, Iruki opened the spirit zone normally. A sphere 15 meters in diameter. It was on the small side for a class five.

But the problem wasn't size. Among the four methods, the most difficult escape type was used freely.

“Hiya! Son of Iruki, haven’t you been doing it in a while?”

“Isn’t it supposed to dry? Teacher Etella forbade us from using the Image Zone.”

"Leave it alone. Are you the one who heard that it was dry?”

The sphere shrunk to a smaller size was wandering around in an incredibly wide radius. Iruki met Shirone's eyes. And as he snapped his fingers, his target came up and swam around quickly.

The students sighed and touched their foreheads. Raising the target was prohibited unless permission was obtained. But that thought was short-lived and I was mesmerized by the demonstration that followed.

"wow… … .”

Iruki's zone tracked down the target. His movements were free, as if he had lost his mind from the beginning. Even the speed was overwhelming, so I heard the hallucination of howling wind every time the sphere cut through the air.

"uh? Iruki! What are you doing!”

Etella, who was instructing Class 4, came running with an absurd look on her face. However, Iruki did not stop the demonstration as if he was determined. In the center of the spirit zone that swallowed the target, small lights bubbled like bubbles.

“Atomic Spring.”

“That madman!”

The moment the children twisted their backs outside, an explosion powerful enough to push a person away exploded. The roar he heard for the first time in his life made Sirone dizzy. All the students who were standing were knocked on the buttocks.

Sirone looked back with a pale expression. Iruki was looking at herself with her hands behind her back.

“See you later, Sirone.”

---------------------------------------