[437] The Day of the Full Moon (1)

silence.

Various emotions crossed in the silence that could not be added.

Ethella corrected her expression as if she had never done that and looked closely at Horkin.

It had to be assumed that he had already noticed, and in such a situation, the question of 'how?' was not important.

“It was an excellent performance. If you were Gaold's group, you would have known that we were the Cage team that the Association had sent to.”

A long time ago, when Horkin wasn't as gray as he is now, there was a rumor spread all over the country that a genius monk had come out of the Karsis Monastery.

Although Karsis is famous on the continent, it was also a fact that could not be known unless you were particularly interested in the composition.

At that time, Horkin had stopped by the order's headquarters for a mission and saw a young girl at the succession ceremony there.

'I almost missed it. I'm glad I haven't gotten dementia yet.'

It was Romi Ethella.

A teacher at Alpheas Magic School.

What are the odds of meeting a teacher from Gaold's school in heaven?

Even if it could be a realistic probability to some extent, Horkin's point was certain that Etela was the clue they were looking for.

“Is it the last resort of those who knew and pretended not to know? Then an excellent choice. Now that you've pulled enough, can you tell me where Gaold is?"

The 20 wizards standing behind Horkin overwhelmed Armin's party with their terrifying energy.

'It's dangerous.'

Judging by Armin as a mage, head-to-head confrontation is difficult.

Of course, his teammates were also very strong, but they were also Romi Etella and Olifer Siina.

While everyone was watching the opponent's reaction, only Kuan, the swordsman, walked forward.

As a swordsman who has wandered the battlefield, I know how great they are, but the swordsman just fights to slash the enemy in front of his eyes.

“Do nothing. If it moves at all... … .”

Horkin asked.

“What if it moves?”

Kuan's body flew and spun in an instant.

However, Horkin was no longer there when the strong wind blew.

'Things like rats... … .'

Ten meters away from Quan, a man in a weasel coat was holding Horkin by the back.

As a search-type wizard, Stiklo, he is a certified 5th-class wizard who majored in sonar magic.

The propagation speed of sonar in a liquid medium is approximately 1,500 m per sec.

If the transmission speed exceeds Mach 4, a clumsy attack will not work from the beginning.

Stick said in a dry voice.

“You are quick-tempered.”

“Doing nothing… … .”

Kuan threw herself again.

“It means don’t even tease your tongue.”

Starting with Kuan's preemptive attack, 25 people moved at the same time.

With each individual movement showing off, Aroella of Fire aimed at Shiina and approached.

“Fire Extreme!”

Dense flames dripping from Aroella's head soared, forming a torrent of fire that struck Shiina.

Shiina clenched her fists and widened her eyes.

The air froze with the sound of breaking glass.

Thousands of thorny flowers bloomed, and the flames of Fire Extreme quickly cooled as if they were drowned in water.

'It's definitely not a friendly team.'

The two teams, having tasted the capabilities of their opponents once, entered a full-scale confrontation.

As Team Cage stepped forward in earnest, the balance of power began to tilt rapidly.

Team leader Rose's fragrance magic disturbed the spirit, and when Mami's speech magic was cast, the ground swayed like a wave.

With all kinds of buffs, shields, recovery magic, and a show of force by a battle mage who was not inferior to the swordsman's incompetence, Armin's party was pushed back two kilometers from their original position.

water dragon.

A huge stream of water cast from the water-powered mongrang swept everywhere.

Absolute Zero.

When Shiina casts a lethal magic while dealing with Aroella, the water dragon froze in its form.

On top of that, Ethella ran.

Yin-Yang Wave Fist - Short Wall.

From a distance of 10 cm, her fist struck Mont Rang's side dozens of times.

The heavy liquid defended the impact point, but even that was shattered by the power of the wave.

'We have to reduce at least one person!'

The moment she took a step and was about to finish, the bald man rolled on the floor hugging Etella's shoulders.

He was in a state of close contact so that he could not budge, but the veins that rose from his bald temple gradually thickened.

'Keugh! What kind of woman is strong... … .'

Indeed, he is the bishop of the Karsis Monastery.

Ethella tried to stand up, but the bald head, who knocked her down, opened her mouth wide and bit her neck.

It was the ability of Benifis, a battle mage who strengthens his strength by eating the opponent's flesh.

As Benifis munched on Etella's flesh and raised her head in rapture, Etella raised her upper body and delivered a head-butt.

Kwajik!

Benifis' nose is broken.

However, thanks to various buffs and recovery magic, the hugging posture did not loosen.

“Now!”

At Benifis' cry, Tarvan held out both palms.

It was Kaiser Blast, the vacuum bombing that destroyed the Demon God Belkyr.

Whoops!

Armin's party spread in a fan-shaped formation was meaningless, and the radius was so wide that it was devastated.

With the thick haze swaying in the wind, Team B, who had finished the battle, marched proudly.

"what?"

there was nothing.

It should have been a corpse, but all I could see was a plain where everything had been swept away as if sashimi had been thrown away.

Tarvan asked, looking back.

"this… … Who will explain?”

Aroella opened her mouth.

“First of all, it is magic. The blue haired girl was fighting me at close range. There is no reason for her to suddenly disappear.”

Monoros, an unlocker and regular eater, gave his opinion.

“Perhaps, if there is a possibility, it will be a man with bandages. Because he was an unrocker just like me.”

Saint Moriac said.

“What kind of magic in Unlocker is like this? Can there be magic in the world where 21 cage-level players can disappear without even noticing?”

Mami, a snake-like serpent, furrowed her thin eyebrows.

"It's not gone. Like... … Feeling disconnected? Something must be broken.”

“It’s a stop.”

Everyone turned to Horkin.

“You mean stop magic?”

"okay. I heard there's one in the ivory tower. A blind wizard who uses stop.”

“I can't be so sure. Just because he can't see, there's no guarantee that he's an ivory tower wizard, and there's no guarantee that what we've suffered will stop.”

To put it simply, Horkin was right, but metal mage Roche's rebuttal was reasonable.

There are few blind people in the world, and even fewer ivory tower wizards.

However, there was only one wizard in the world who could use stop.

"Besides, what's helping Gaold in the Ivory Tower? Gaold basically doesn't trust people. He is a human who has been kept secret for 20 years.”

Saint Moriac said.

“I don’t think it is. He's not out of touch with people. Because he doesn't have to hang out. He can join hands with anyone and fight anyone to save Maze.”

"stop."

Rose stopped the meeting.

“There are too many families. In any case, the opponent has stop magic or a crowd control technique of equivalent power. and… … He's probably helping Gaold.”

Even Rose, who said that, had no choice but to use the family law.

It must have been a recognition of the fact that the difficulty of the mission had increased significantly.

Horkin arranged.

“This is what the manager wants to say. As long as the blind man is by his side, it is impossible to get rid of Gaold.”

Tarvan asked.

"So, you're just sucking your fingers?"

Communication Wizard Wagan intervened.

"wait a minute. Before that, there is a question that needs to be looked into first. If they really help Gaold, what the hell were they doing here?”

Horkin ran his beard down.

“Hmm, that’s right. There is no need to disperse the team in a dangerous place like this. In fact, we are also very inefficiently sticking together.”

"that's right. And Gaold is crazy about Miro. If that person is enough to split the team, it's going to be a pretty big deal. So if you trace back what they did here, won't Gaold come out eventually?”

"indeed… … I guess.”

Rose rested her chin and thought.

It was definitely the clearest solution in the current situation.

"good. return to the mainland If we can find out who is instigating Etela to move, we should be able to figure out Gaold's whereabouts as well. However, combat is a last resort. A man in bandages must not intervene.”

no one objected

No one is docile enough to follow the team leader's instructions straight away, but even they think it's better to keep the bandaged man as far away as possible.

“Then let’s go.”

21 flashes soared into the sky.

* * *

It was early evening when Sirone returned from touring the units under the 2nd Rebel Command.

However, the moonlight was so strong that it was difficult to look around.

“Wow.”

Sirone looked up at the night sky as if possessed.

There was a moon 10 times larger than seen on the original planet.

It was the day of the Great Full Moon, which is said to have the strongest negative law in Purgatory.

Maybe that's why in the forest near the headquarters, the monsters' cries didn't stop.

“Ominous. Something must happen.”

"don't worry. Even angels don't patrol these days. If it's not an angel, group magic can stop it enough.”

Sirone arrived in front of the headquarters and greeted me.

“I will go in first. Thank you for your effort."

“Ah, the captain also worked hard.”

Returning to the inn, Sirone sat down on the bed with an exhausted body.

I wanted to lie down, but before I had time to do anything, the door burst open.

“Sirone!”

Flu came in.

"uh? Seniors?"

After looking outside for a while, Fleur closed the door and sat down next to Sirone.

“I have something to tell you.”

“Why is your face like that? What happened while I was away?”

“I checked the underground facility during your absence for a few days. But there... … .”

Flew frowned.

The headache struck again. Well, imagining the scene at that time still grinds my teeth.

She was never shaken under any circumstances, so Sirone finally got curious.

“What the hell is going on?”

“It’s a human clone.”

"yes? What clone?”

“I know why Reysis took our blood. It's not like this right now... … .”

Woo woo woo woo woo!

Then an ominous sound wave shook the headquarters.

Sirone's heart skipped a beat.

I don't remember, but I'm sure I've heard it.

'no way… … !'

HQ was already in a state of panic when Sirone and Fleur came out into the hallway.

It was the vibration of an angel that anyone living in purgatory would have heard of.

“Hmm, you mean this place?”

Outside the headquarters, in the light of the full moon, Ikasa floated in the air with her toes together and her chin resting.

From the outside, it was just a cliff, but there would be no lies in Babel's search results.

No matter how much you hide in nature, the place where humans live has a unique artificial feeling.

Babel, who had searched all over Purgatory, pointed out this place as the most likely location for the rebel headquarters.

The odds were a whopping 83.3785 percent.

“Is there anything, you insignificant humans! Hurry up and show yourself!”

Ikasa shouted, but the cliff was depressingly silent.

Of course, she couldn't have been unaware that he was checking this place from inside the wall.

“Huh, you’re going to come out like that, right?”

Ikasa spread her arms wide and received the energy of the moon.

The presence of fallen angels is much lower than that of regular angels, but on the day of the full moon, humans could easily be wiped out.

“Haaaaaa.”

With a cold groan, her astral body unfolded into a halo, and its own intellect began to embed itself into the Halo.

As a certain calculation was completed, numerous dark ink-based magic circles rotated like gears in Halo.

'I desire.'

Infinite Justice Halo Halo - Valhalla Action.

puck! The shape of a fist was stamped on the rock wall with a dull sound.

With that as a signal flare, grooves started digging all over the cliff like a shower of punches.

Puff puff puff!

The whole world seemed to be filled with sound.

Dust rose from the beaten cliff at a speed that could not be expressed in words, and the mountain range disappeared.

The cliff rumbled as the Norse hiding inside the headquarters grabbed his head and jumped out! It started to collapse from the ground with a sound.

'Look, how insignificant these beings are... … .'

Ikasa's eyes were blurry.

In the scene where the desire was realized in front of my eyes, dry pleasure was rising up my spine.

---------------------------------------