After all, humans (2)

'It's really great.'

Gaold's self-denial made Minerva admire.

'He loves good, and doesn't hesitate to follow the methodology of evil for her sake.'

I would do anything for Miro.

'It must be painful... …

Even though I know that this world is just a ball.

'The one who saves life from hell to the end.' Gaold, who had everything about good and evil, was extremely human.

"why?"

Minerva asked.

“What are you doing this for?”

Every star in the Ivory Tower knew what kind of life Gautou had lived.

“Miro used you. Even if it wasn't volitional, it destroyed your life/ Gaold's stubbornness to not even respond caused a fire to rise inside Minerva.

“You went all the way to heaven and saved her! You broke me! By defeating the demons in the south and now giving up on love, you made a human named Miro go to extremes!”

“… … It did."

“You still don’t know? You were squeezed by the maze. It was sucked until there was no moisture left and was thrown away!”

“I guess so.”

“But why are you holding out? Living is hell you want to end Why don't you give up?"

"also??????

Gaold raised his chin slowly.

"Cry again."

Maze cries.

Minerva wondered if Gaold had even spoken to her.

"Please stop! You're a wizard! What you see is an illusion! It's not a real maze! She has already forgotten you, and she has reached the pinnacle of goodness, and she is living well!”

Garold opened his mouth and saliva leaked out.

“You guys… … About the maze... … What do you know?”

Thing said.

“Persuasion is useless. I'm stuck in my own world and can't accept reality. What's left, how do you handle it?"

Fred let out a long breath.

'That's the problem.'

It looked like he couldn't even lift a finger, but it was obvious what would happen the moment he entered the radius.

“I will go in first.”

It was a strategy to attack by binding Gaold's mind with the magic swordsman's physical ability.

Sing made a sign with both hands.

“I will redeem you with the law.

It could give you 0.01 second more.”

Fried nodded and moved on.

“… … that's enough."

Minerva sucked up her smoking pipe, and Amanta prepared for battle by spinning the world wheel.

Gaold was preoccupied with the vision of the maze, even as the gigantic death penalty weighed on his shoulders.

'why are you crying?'

Why are you crying?

“You did everything you wanted. now i'm a loser It's no use crying like that."

"Goes."

At the same time as Fried threw himself, the law of Thing restrained Gaold's freedom.

Gaold's expression did not change even as the blade flew toward the nape of his neck.

'finished.'

Even while moving at high speed, the certainty of victory flashed through Fried's mind.

'In the end, he's dead.'

It was nothing more and nothing less.

The moment a flash of light cut horizontally through Gaold's neck, there was a sound of metal breaking.

"what?"

Only the handle remained on the sword. 'how?'

It wasn't an object, but it was a famous sword that could never be broken with enough power.

“Keugh!”

When he realized the pain belatedly and examined his hand, it was so tattered that the bones were exposed.

' vibration.'

Shockwaves pierced the skin as the air pressure vibrated the blade.

'That means... …

That the Law of Thing has already been broken.

When Fried turned his head, there was a black hole in the place where Thing had been.

The atmosphere penetrated the ground.

'Are you still in shock?'

Unless the soil was scooped up, there was no way the ground would be intact even with such a hole.

“Huh.”

Taeseong staggered with his eyes closed, and Minerva flew up on a jet.

"away!"

The ground swelled like a balloon, and red light leaked from cracks like a turtle's shell.

'It explodes!'

Aaaaaaaaagh!

With his arms crossed in the shape of an X, Fried's body was blown away by a powerful shockwave.

“Great!”

I tried to release external gravity countless times, but it was not enough to escape the inertia.

'It becomes weak.'

Amanta, who offset the shock by half, grabbed Fried's hind legs and ascended into the sky.

“I was careless. It seems that I had more strength than I thought.”

At Amanta's words, Fried shook his head.

'No, that's not it.'

didn't care

It was only that Gaold's apostasy, which he encountered in reality, was strong enough to far exceed his expectations.

When the smoke cleared, a huge crater was created where the forest had disappeared.

" are you okay?"

Minerva came flying in a jet.

"for now. But Thing is worried. How deep have you dug?”

If he was crushed by Gaold's atmospheric pressure and went underground, he would not be alive.

Minerva looked at the depth of the crater's center and muttered with a sorrowful expression.

“It will be 100 meters deep.”

"I'm fine."

Then I heard Ting's voice.

When I looked to the side, it was flying with a dislocated shoulder, gasping for breath.

“You said you held out?”

Thing pointed at Freed with his intact arm.

“The armor set of the five gods.”

It was the best armor in the world that could produce 60% anti-magic effect.

“The aiming point is off by four meters. But the wind pressure alone dislodged her shoulder. She almost died.”

Even though she escaped death, she faced death the moment she burrowed into the ground under the pressure of the atmosphere.

“What a humiliation.”

Amanta's eyes narrowed.

“Even though we are apostate wizards, we are the 4 members of the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower. It doesn’t make sense to say you can’t win.”

Minerva agreed.

“To be honest, I am pushed by power. You have to defeat them tactically. Maybe it's more difficult for Taeseong... …

Taeseong, the incarnation of a star, is immune to magic, but defenseless against the impact of the planet itself.

Fried prepared to jump.

“Be careful though. He ignored me and tried to deal with Thing first. That's what instinct did. master of battle

am."

Everyone was feeling it with their skin.

"let's go."

As the four of them jumped off, a cylindrical atmospheric pressure dropped from high in the sky one after another.

thud! thud! thud! thud! thud!

"in action! Sense it with the Spirit Zone"

Ordinary wizards could not even react at such a speed, but they were the stars of the ivory tower.

Upon reaching the ground, Minerva puffed up her cheeks and emitted green smoke.

toxic magic.

'I'm weak against air magic, but... … It was of sufficient quality and quantity to focus Gaold's magic only on defense.

'Even if I take one breath, it's over.' As expected, Gaold wrapped an air shield around it to block the rapidly spreading smoke.

'From here... …

Amanta halved the density of the air shield, and Thing concentrated the law to create a gap.

“Crush!”

Freed, who had squeezed through the gap, opened fire on Gauld.

“It’s over!”

Blood splattered everywhere.

"huh'?"

As a creature, it is normal for the body to be broken, but rather, Fried's fists were torn.

'Air shield?'

The air that covered the garold like skin was sharp like a blade, convection.

'Air shield is not a passive skill. Could it be that the outer shield was released?'

If he removed the outer shield in order to survive immediately, he would have been hit by four people's concentrated fire.

'It's still there.'

The proof was that Minerva's poisonous smoke still couldn't enter.

'But how... … ?'

An absurd thought passed through his mind, which was still beating Gaold.

“Timeshare?”

A skill that quickly crosses two batteries to maintain two active skills.

"Boo. Woo-woo.”

A painful moan escaped Gaold's mouth as he staggered with his eyes closed.

Fried burst into laughter.

“Puhahahaha!”

However, unlike the sound of hearty laughter, his eyes contained sorrowful emotions.

'It's ugly.'

I will try to live though. What does Gauld look like crossing the battery with a brain that has already been damaged by pain and pleasure?

“Wow. Woo woo woo.”

The sound he made while straining his concentration reminded me of a frightened fool.

“If you go up to the top of the world

west… …

Fried vividly remembers the shock and awe he felt when he defeated Buddha.

“Did you even sell your pride, autumn de!”

Fried, who was so angry, poured out violence, not even caring about his fist being broken.

As the durability of the air shield gradually weakened, shocks began to affect the body.

“Uh uh uh uh uh.”

Even through the pain of his flesh breaking and his bones cracking, Gaold watched the maze.

sniff sniff

The image of her sitting helplessly, covering her eyes and crying, must have been an illusion, but... … .

'Why are you doing this to me?'

Gaold's heart was torn in a thousand pieces.

'What am I going to do by crying like that!' There was nothing he could do for her as she had already become her ruin.

'You've done enough! I gave my life and I did everything you asked me to do!'

sniff sniff

'What else can I do here! You've reached the extreme line! I don't have to take care of myself anymore!'

sniff sniff

Freed's eyes were bloodshot.

"die! I mean, just give up!”

The attack was so powerful that it bruised his entire body, but Gaold didn't care.

'What are you saying to me! If you have a conscience, tell me! You gave me my whole life! But why do you keep coming to me and crying and fucking! why! why! why!'

Miro lifted her head and moved her lips slightly to her tear-stained face.

Gaold.

I couldn't hear her voice, but the shape of her lips felt like it was stuck in my brain.

'shut up! I hurt more than you! There is no one sicker than me in this world! What more do you want me to do here!'

Gaold.

'I'm going crazy wanting to die! I don't even have the strength to lift a finger! what the hell am i... … !'

me, it's so hard

The moment Miro's words stuck, Gaold's pupils constricted, revealing the whites.

“… … How can I do it?”

The moment the dry voice leaked out, Fried's face turned pale.

' what?'

The world was shaking violently.

“Because I will.”

Gaold, grinning at this, released the air shield and charged at Freed.

“I will do anything you want!”

don't cry

"damage!"

At the same time as Fried shouted, he kicked the ground in the opposite direction with all his might.

“Damn it… …

But the moment Gaold's air press exploded, he realized it was all in vain.

The feeling of the weight of the air on your shoulders increasing at a tremendous speed is the height of horror.

'Everyone dies.'

Woo woo woo woo!

A low roar pounded the ground, and the four members of Oh Dae-seong sat down and looked around.

“What, what?”

Nothing was destroyed.

'The atmosphere spread rapidly.'

At what was probably the point of impact, Taeseong was gasping for breath with a pale face.

A breeze whipped her skirt.

“I’ll save you. Instead of… …

Gauld, who raised his chin, said with a dry smile on his parched lips.

“Take me to the battlefield.” While everyone was silent, Garold looked up at the sky and murmured.

“Are you done now?”

Miro's vision was sticking out its tongue and laughing.