[86] Group (2)

“Don’t you think so? What the hell is this magic? not like a teacher At this rate, everyone will freeze to death.”

Nade was equally puzzled. Now there are hundreds of students here. I didn't think they could survive long in the cold of minus 20 degrees. However, the effect of putting pressure on Lucas was excellent. This is because when the somatic cells are cooled, the mitochondrial build becomes ineffective. 

"damn! driving me crazy!"

Especially in the place where Lucas was, there was even a strong wind, so the perceived temperature was even lower. Necrosis was progressing from the peripheral nerve.

This was the reason why high-level freezing mages basically started fighting with Blizzard. Its killing power is not great, but it is a wide range magic and it gives fixed damage called cooling, so it was essential before the great swordsman.

“Anyway, I’m annoyed. Wizards.”

Lucas was fed up with wizards who harassed swordsmen with all kinds of strange magic. But it wasn't the time to give up. More than anything, she wasn't just normal in her condition.

As the sharp ice spear flew through the blizzard, Lucas hurriedly threw himself away. However, due to his weakened mitochondrial build, he was unable to fully dodge and brushed his side. & nbsp;

“Damn it!”

Most organisms become less active at low temperatures. In addition, as he braved the cold and swung his sword, his fingertips already had symptoms of erythematous frostbite.

'I think the temperature has dropped more. Are you really trying to kill them all?'

If the schema users suffered from frostbite, the students should have already frozen to death. But in reality, only Lucas was trapped in Blizzard. Suddenly, a blizzard with a narrower radius was following him, focusing on him.

Lucas, completely unaware of such a fact, bared his teeth at Shiina, who appeared through the blizzard.

"Are you crazy? How long will this beggarly blizzard... … .”

Lucas stopped talking. Shiina's eyes still contained nothing. She has no emotions, no thoughts, no ego.

"no way… … .”

Lucas' shoulders trembled. He remembers magic with his body, not his head. & nbsp;

Literally, the meat and brain. 

Just as prosecutors acquire skills through endless repetitive training, they have reached the stage of implementing specific brain wave patterns even in situations where poetry or memory is lost.

repeat, repeat again. After all, he must have driven his spirit to death without rest from the time he was born until now.

'How long has this woman trained?'

hair stood on end Regardless of her skills, the path of Sura she had walked was drawn in her mind.

'shit! It's not like stepping on shit, this.'

should get out of here No matter how good the gold coins were, they were just pieces of metal in front of their lives.

Lucas drew all his strength and ran away. If he got out of Blizzard, he wouldn't be able to catch up. However, his thoughts were delusional, and as a result, he had to pay a heavy price for turning his back on a certified 6th class wizard.

Shiina raised a finger and pointed at Lucas, and after a while Lucas screamed and was buried in the snow.

“Quaaaaaa!”

There was no pain. However, both legs were missing from the schema's human body diagram, as if they had been cut off with scissors. Lucas twisted his back to examine his leg. I couldn't feel the slightest sensation in my frozen legs.

'No, that's ridiculous.'

It was absolute zero (absolute zero), which had only been heard through rumors.

Freezing magic is a magic that extremely restricts the activity of particles through preservation and condensation, which can be said to be the best battery.

By realizing the realm of Absolute Zero, Shiina became a certified 6th-class wizard at the age of only 20.

However, it was a magic that required enormous mental power to the extent that even she could only produce a local effect.

'Damn it! It's a crappy school... … Students, teachers, they are all monsters!'

Shiina cast the next spell with a calm expression. It was the advanced magic glacier bombing (glacier bombardment) derived from the battery of preservation condensation. As dozens of huge ice blocks were born in the sky, the blood on Lucas' face went away. My legs are frozen and there is no way to escape. I have no choice but to surrender my life to the will of Heaven.

Nade and Iruki ran to the students. It wasn't wide-area magic, but the size of the glacier was so large that I couldn't be relieved. An almond-shaped chunk of glacier began to fall on top of the students as the ice blocks, which were frozen at different points, pushed each other as slowly as their heavy masses.

Nade ran to Arin and grabbed her by the shoulder and knocked her down to the floor.

“Kyaaak! what are you doing!"

“Evacuate the students! Otherwise, we all die!”

"no! I'm running out of time!”

Iruki interrupted the two of them and shouted.

"I'll do it!"

“What are you going to do?”

Iruki gritted his teeth without even having time to answer. Is it really possible? It was a glacier weighing several tens of tons. Even if it was exploded with an atomic bomb, the fragments that were split into dozens were a problem. Calculated by the size of the glacier, it was not a matter of breaking a human head unless it was broken into at least 1,000 pieces.

'I have no choice but to try... … .'

Momentum can be predicted mathematically. If you calculate all the physical quantities of splitting the glacier, splitting it again, and splitting it again, you should be able to explode it before it crashes.

“Goaaaaaa!”

The Breakaway Spirit Zone dug into the center of the glacier. When the atomic spring exploded through the detonation process of the available limit value, the glacier was excited and split into seven chunks.

Iruki activated Double Spirit Zone. Then, he burst the glacier by firing atomic bombs like crazy. 

Puff puff puff puff puff!

The ice flower is in full bloom. As the glacier burst, it was separated into fragments, which then exploded and scattered like sparks.

Nade and Arin watched in awe as the chain of explosions unfolded in the sky. Then, realizing the ice pellets were pouring out of the hood, he turned his head to the students. Small fragments fell like hail, but no one was injured.  

Arin's eyes shook in shock. Arcane always disparaged the magic school students. Weak students who take whatever they are given without a spirit of challenge or the will to fight. However, the level of magic school students she experienced herself far exceeded her expectations.

'This is a magic school. what?'

Arin turned his head. When she realized that she was cradled on the chest of an outsider, she reluctantly pushed Nade away, she screamed.

"go away! what are you doing!"

Nade's face flushed red as he hit his butt.

“What, what am I! He helped me at best!”

“Why are you helping me! We are enemies!”

“Who said what? Release the mind control quickly! Are you really going to kill all these people? Are you still sane?”

Arin bit his lip. After today, I will be the main character of a massacre that will be recorded in history, but I was not afraid. Had she not met Kanis in Radum anyway, she would have fallen to the brink of misery.

"doesn't care. If it's for Canis, even if the whole world dies.”

Nade read the futility and arsenic in Arin's eyes. What kind of life have you lived to be able to look like this?

“Young car.”

Iruki carried Shiina, who had fallen in the snow, on his back. And I turned to Lucas. Does God really exist even for the wicked? He was wedged between glaciers, barely a few meters apart. But he was so angry that his chin was missing and he could only see the whites of his eyes. He lost both legs, so stealing is impossible. In the end, he was the one who would return to the gloomy prison of Inferno after 7 days of jailbreak.

Phew!

Ned and Iruki turned their heads at the roar that erupted from the forest. A thick beam of light soared through the sea of ​​trees.

"wow. What is so big?”

"It's a photon cannon. Have you ever had an epiphany?”

The forest shuddered and Sirone came out as if spitting out.

Arin's face turned red as if he had just come out of the mud. It was clear that Kanis had the victory.

But her expectations undoubtedly collapsed. 

As Harvest fell the trees on the left and right with his long arms, Canis limped out. It was more than Sirone's condition, but never less.

Iruki said as if he couldn't believe it. 

"whistle… … is it?"

"Nonsense. Sirone's photon cannon evolved during battle. Still can't win?"

Sirone stood up from the ground and said.

“I can’t win.”

Friends doubted their ears. Perhaps it was the first word he had heard since meeting Sirone?

“What, man? Don't speak weakly.”

“It is not a weak sound. that child... … Really strong.”

Sirone frankly admitted. He would have been more convinced if he knew that he was a disciple of the Archmage, but even if he didn't know it, he could feel his will in each and every magic.

Willingness not to lose. The will to destroy humans. Willingness to prove that you are the best.

The power of the Photon Cannon was maximized, but Harvest, who borrowed Canis' mental power, absorbed even that.

From then on, it was a brawl. By exchanging the Power of Darkness and the Photon Cannon, a battle of attrition was fought.

In the end, Kanis successfully countered and pushed Sirone out of the forest.

'So strong... … Why do you want to harm people?'

If you chose to be evil for whatever reason, you can. Because all humans make mistakes.

However, he could not admit that the evil was strong. Because strength is the product of hard work, not mistakes.

“Why are you doing this? What are you saying the students did to you?”

“Are you kicking it with your mouth because it’s out of power? A typical pattern of weak nobles.”

Since it wasn't true, Sirone didn't get angry.

"Answer me. What you are about to do is so terrible that it will go down in history. At least I need to hear the reason.”

"history? Who cares about that? The abandoned are just holding on to live for a day. If I don't kill someone, I will die.”

“Don’t try to justify it with sophistry. No matter what kind of life you have lived, there is no one in the world who is not having a hard time. Everyone has to live with the unbearable pain one by one.”

"you. Have you ever eaten feces that fell on the ground?”

Sirone shut his mouth. A cold wind blew. 

'Canis... … .'

Arin's eyes were filled with sadness. Those who have not lived in Radum will never know what Radum is like.

It was another world separated from the world.

Kanis and Arin had been abandoned there. I don't remember when we were together or why it was just the two of us. 

However, they were there from the moment they came to their senses, and even while other friends died or were sold, they survived.

Canis was smart from an early age. Even though he was a powerless child, he personally showed how strong a human being can become when talent and miasma meet.  

There was only one thing Kanis wanted in Radum, which was teeming with villains.

Protecting Arin today. 

Women do not exist in Radum. To be precise, it was a woman who had passed through infancy.

In places where food is extremely scarce, helpless girls are bound to be eaten at the same time as they are born.

However, Arin survived in Radum until the age of ten.

Radum's only female.

It was Kanis who kept the eerie symbol.

He was always barking like a mad dog. When an enemy appears aiming at Arin, he rushes at him with the determination to die.

I couldn't join any organization with Arin. So he lived by sifting through trash cans day after day.

What's really funny is that even trash in Radum has an owner. I fought, refusing to tear my flesh to get the dregs that others threw away.

After such a fierce fight, Kanis was barely able to get half of the moldy bread.

---------------------------------------