[302] Secrets of the Abyss (3)

Armin, who was looking out the door, urged her on.

"There is no time. If you intend to do something, you should do it now.”

Amy bit her molars and closed her eyes.

There is no way. That said, he couldn't go down to the first level without doing anything.

'If it's Sirone... … Sirone can do it.'

Amy opened the last page and moved her pen.

Sirone.

this was the best

If I couldn't find a way to save it, I had no choice but to at least change the stream of consciousness.

At that moment, Raina shouted from the living room.

“Amy!”

Amy put down her pen and ran to the living room with Armin.

A man wearing armor that was a mixture of living things and metals was charging towards Sirone.

“Zeon!”

Amy's eyes burned.

Arius, the only way to escape this place, was nowhere to be seen, but rather felt good. The person she wanted to defeat the most right now was Ji-on.

Reina pulled Shirone with a narrow car, and Zeon's blade split the sofa.

As much as Amy's rage surged, she strengthened her fireball and threw it. A flame twice as large as usual flew to Ji-on and exploded right away.

Ji-on, blown away by the force of the explosion, slammed her back against the wall. However, just before the collision, the tentacles grabbed the wall and minimized the damage.

As Reina took Sirone away, Armin and Amy blocked the way at the same time.

“It’s a double operation.”

Armin's Spirit Zone can cover the entire cabin when fully expanded.

If it was an assassin's equalizing, it wouldn't be able to see through it, but it wasn't clumsy enough to miss Zeon's presence.

'I was hiding in the first stage. After all, did Arius already go down?'

Just as Armin and his party had to stay in the second stage to save the real Sirone, Arius also needed time to extract Ataraxia. That's why he sent Zeon to pass the time.

“Do you mean to have it somehow?”

As Armin stepped back towards Sirone, Reina immediately understood and stepped forward.

Only flicker magic and weak magic could not shock the Geumgang Armed Forces.

“Amy, you know?”

"yes."

The two men recalled their battle in the pantry and moved away from each other.

It was intended to take advantage of the fact that Jion is not good at dealing with blind spots.

"joy! You won't get hit twice.”

Zeon blew his tentacles to both sides to block the target from dispersing in advance. Then, using the tension of the tentacle embedded in the wall, it flew towards Reina.

Reina fired her bow as she rolled on the floor.

As the arrow hit the armor, Zeon's body floated into the air.

Amy swung around the target type's spirit zone and fired a series of fire strikes.

Every time the spear of flame brushed, Armand's organic matter burned to a crisp.

“You cheeky bitch!”

Zion, who rotated in the air like a stunt, kicked off the wall and flew away.

As the eight tentacles embedded in the wall delivered power all at once, a speed like a gale came out.

Amy twisted her body, checking only afterimages.

Ji-on, who fell to the floor with a thump, swung the blade while rotating with her knees as the pivot.

A flash of silver cut through Amy's neck, revealing her collarbone and upper chest.

Red bloodstains appeared on the skin as clear as milk. A small deep cut would have cut the aorta.

“You child… … .”

"haha! You're a slutty tavern prostitute!”

Blood leaked from Amy's wound and ran down the collected sternum.

The contrast between white and red fueled Ji-on's madness.

The moment he licked his lips with his tongue and got ready to charge, Sirone glared at Ji-on and frowned.

“Great!”

Darkness gathered in the middle of the confrontation between Zeon and Amy, and the shadow of the sleek and sleek body soared.

Egoist - The Flower of Murder.

His chin was pointed like an awl, and his hair, sharp as a knife, came down to his waist in a large parabola.

Its long arms, like those of a monkey, were in the shape of swords, and its knees bent with reverse joints stored tremendous kinetic energy.

Even the soles of his feet were in the shape of a half moon, like the blades of skates.

“Shoooooooooo!”

Ji-on stepped back with a tired expression at the sharp ear-crying cry that made his teeth ache.

The killing blow compressed the reverse joint and then bounced off, and the figure disappeared without even an afterimage.

If so, it wasn't a head-on rush.

However, since I couldn't even guess the line of movement, Ji-on's pupils were still the same.

- WARNING. Moving object recognition not possible. Nervous system paralysis. Automatic defense stance conversion.

As the warning voice was delivered at the speed of thought, Zeon's cloak wrapped around the owner. At the same time, tentacles stretched out in all directions, counterattacking the invisible being.

However, Egoist's shoes of murder avoided even that and hit Zeon with both hands crossed.

As the blade's shadow passed at the speed of sound, the cloak's surface hardened rapidly, leaving a clear X-shaped scar.

pop! And belatedly, the sonic boom exploded.

“Big!”

As Zeon, blown away by the shock wave, rolled on the floor, the cape unfolded.

Zion stopped rolling as he hit the floor with the blade of his gauntlet and looked up at Egoist standing alone.

- Moving object detection. relaxation of the nervous system. Disable automatic defensive stance.

Armand immediately prepared for battle, but Zion had already lost the will to fight.

Isn't it necessary to risk one's life by giving up 4 billion won?

In any case, the time Arius asked for was filled.

After reading the user's emotions, Armand activated the special movement system, and Zeon moved as fast as the wind and disappeared from Sirone's sight.

Amy and Reina gave up the chase and looked at Sirone.

His figure lying in Arius' arms was so transparent that objects could see through it.

“Sirone! What happened?"

Armin explained instead.

“I manifested the Egoist with my final strength. It is impossible to move any further.”

“Ah, Mr. Armin, run away.”

"no. If we don't catch Arius anyway, we can't go out either. Please tell me the way down. If Ataraxia is robbed, a great disaster will come.”

Armin put Sirone on the floor. Then the rim of the incarnation glowed brightly and the floor melted like chocolate and flowed down.

“Sirone, are you dying?”

"no. it's going down The entrance to the first stage is also a sirone.”

Amy crawled to the floor where it sank into a human form. She and she already shouted at the sirone that she was more than 5 meters down.

“Sirone! I will definitely save you! I will definitely save you!”

The darkness of the underground eroded the surface of Sirone like a liquid.

Perhaps it was an illusion, but Amy clearly saw a faint smile on Sirone's lips.

And finally, the entire second stage was sucked into the hole.

* * *

Sirone's Spirit Level 1. maternal psychology.

It was the end of the abyss.

Falling down with the scenery, Amy looked around.

It was a horizontal surface with nothing but not dark.

From somewhere, duguk, duguk, I heard the sound of my heart beating. It was like being submerged in water.

“This sound… … ?”

Armin appeared from the darkness.

“This is the sound Sirone heard while in the womb. This place is called the mother's womb, and it contains records from occurrence to birth. In other words, it is a place where instincts are created.”

“After all, Ataraxia was in its final stages.”

At Reina's words, Armin smiled dejectedly.

It was a journey that I ran with only vague possibilities in mind. But I never thought that the ability of an archangel would really be imprinted in the realm of instinct.

'How did you do it? Could it be that I was possessed?'

Even so, it is too risky.

Possession can gain a stronger mental search ability than Dive, but Egoist's backlash must have been tremendous. There was a great risk that even an archangel would perish if he attempted to possess a normal state of Sirone.

'Well, I can't be certain. If you are an archangel... … .'

Armin thought the odds were 50/50.

No, to be honest, I can say that it is impossible for any being to enter the mental world of another and overwhelm the incarnation.

However, since the target was an archangel, there is room for variables.

A being far beyond human capabilities.

My teeth still tremble when I think of what I went through when I went to heaven.

“For now, let’s go. Arius's work must be quite advanced.”

Reina looked around and said.

"but… … Where should I go?”

“You just have to walk. This is not space. Mages call it a spot. It doesn't matter where you go because there is no direction. If you add the four limbs, the magician's spirit zone is also a phenomenon that appears when the spirit is gathered in the first stage.”

Amy nodded at the new fact.

The first stage was a repository for compressing higher-level concepts.

Since there is no space, the volume is infinite.

It occurred to me that infinity might be just a dot, not something huge as commonly imagined.

Following Armin's words, they proceeded recklessly. No matter how I walked, there was no change, so it felt like I was walking in place.

When an object was seen 50 meters in front, a sense of distance arose and the scenery in the first stage changed.

It was a green garden with refreshing birdsong, and pure white statues were randomly erected.

All Amy saw in heaven was a great world war filled with strange mechanical devices, so she didn't notice it, but Armin recognized at a glance that it was an angelic sculpture.

'Is it a trace of Ikael?'

Armin and his party entered the temple built over the fountain. The chill on the marble floor made me feel refreshed.

A statue of an angel with a height of 8 meters was visible, and Arius and Zeon were waiting in front of it.

Arius realized who the masked man was.

It's the first time I've seen his face, but among the scale wizards, there was only one person who dealt with time and had no choice if he was blind.

“Hmm, this is unexpected. I'm sorry I didn't recognize someone as talented as you. But I feel a bit like that. I honestly couldn't even imagine it. To think that they would break the 'agreement' first.”

Armin looked at the statue, pretending not to hear.

The archangel cupped her chest in her hands and smiled. His wings wrapped around his body, and above his head a halo floated without even a support.

'Is this the reification of Ataraxia... … .'

Armin turned his head to Arius and spoke solemnly.

“The agreement oath is still in effect. I came to punish grave robbers as a single mage, and have nothing to do with the organization.”

Arius slyly cleared his ears.

"well. As far as I know, your world doesn't run that freely. After all, aren’t they playing the role of godmother in the wizarding society?”

"so? You mean you won't give up on robbery? You can't run away anyway.”

Arius pretended to blow on earwax that wasn't there.

“Is there any need to run away? Again, you have no authority to arrest me. No, it's done. Now is not the time to argue about that.”

Arius pointed at the statue and introduced it as if it were his own.

"How is it? Archangel Ichael of Amplification. Among her abilities, Ataraxia is known to be the most powerful super-magic booster. I imagined it, but who knew it would be so beautiful?”

“Are you going to let me take it?”

Ji-on raised her chin and said.

“Of course you should take it. How much is this thing From now on, I am the owner of Ataraxia.”

“You bastard! People like you don't deserve to be alive!”

Amy turned on the lights in her eyes and ran.

At that moment, my vision was distorted and I felt that the distance was getting farther away.

When I came to my senses, Armin was standing next to me.

It was Flickr magic.

"What's wrong? We need to catch Arius quickly.”

Armin fired a wind cutter.

A shuriken-shaped wind broke at the halfway point with a clanging sound. A thin stream of electricity spread in a right angle around the point of impact.

“It’s a mind wave barrier. Divers call it 'threading'. Syrone's spirit was drawn into strands and woven into the form of a barrier.”

Arius clapped happily.

“You are also well-informed. The Eternal Reflector was not a falsehood. That's the correct answer. While you followed slowly like a turtle, I played around with Sirone's spirit.”

---------------------------------------