[280] 2. The Either/or Trap (4)

I've never judged someone else's possessions in my life. The inertia of those 18 years raised the alarm bell of doubt.

Then it felt like my head was spinning.

This is an either/or trap. This is because it is a battle that Zeon will win no matter what he chooses.

The reason why the logic of either option is scary is that it blocks the possibility other than the option in advance. The bad and the worse were presented, and the bad was induced to choose, giving the illusion that there was an advantage, but in reality, it was playing into the hands of the enemy.

Sirone realized that he had misunderstood Urin's words.

No one gives you 1 gold for no reason. In other words, there is no one to help those who give up.

It was a mistake to think that Theraze's gang would spare him if he begged with a servile expression.

The castle is the den of beasts. Even if you show weakness, you will only eat the flesh that clings to your bones.

That's what Uorin wanted to say.

Bark if you want to live. Grit your teeth and growl. Swing your nails lest anyone think you're easy prey.

The moment you stop fighting, all the beasts in the castle will rush to eat you.

“Whoa!”

Sirone finally exhaled air.

I don't know how long I held my breath, but the air rushed out endlessly. It seemed as if all the thoughts in her head were drained out.

As my mind cleared, I saw the target clearly.

Sirone stood up properly and prepared to cast her magic. But the nobles still only snorted.

In their opinion, if Sirone had brains, he should have developed his skills quickly and spectacularly somehow.

It's enough for experts to judge magic skills, and what they want to confirm is Sirone's will. With such a lukewarm attitude, no noble could be persuaded.

But Sirone didn't care.

will become a beast

When I concentrated my mind with such thoughts, a photon cannon was born as if it exploded in front.

Sirone endlessly compressed the photons. The sphere of light shook violently as it repeatedly contracted and expanded.

Amy was horrified to realize that the casting of the Photon Cannon was taking much longer than usual.

In the 2,000 confrontation, even though his mental power was almost exhausted, it was the power that caused the system to go down. I couldn't even imagine what the result would be if I passed the strongest Photon Cannon through Ataraxia.

'not there yet. I can't get enough of this!'

Sirone continued to compress the sphere of light.

From the beginning, there were no enemies or allies here. The Terraze gang and the Orkamp gang were all thinking of using themselves.

'more… … more!'

Tears welled up. The memories of the three days flooded in at once.

As he remembered his mother's fear, the photon cannon rapidly compressed and turned into a state of white light that could no longer receive photons. The photon cannon, the size of a human head, swayed wildly as if it were going off center.

Amy jumped up from her seat. She was too extreme, and she was dangerous in that she could not predict the future.

However, before she could shout at Sirone, the photon cannon penetrated Ataraxia. Having already experienced it two thousand times, she closed her eyes tightly and twisted her body.

Flash!

A huge tunnel of light appeared in front of Sirone, pushing everything in the way. even waiting.

A roar exploded, paralyzing people's eardrums, and the intense light erased their vision for an instant.

It was all dark for a while.

As my eyes adapted to the landscape, the world revealed was completely different from a second ago. Not only the inner walls of the Colosseum, but also the ridge that stood in the distance disappeared. Particles that had disintegrated into dust floated on the ground like a huge smoke screen.

When the wind pushed away the dust, the traces of the Photon Cannon appeared. The flat land that dozens of wagons could pass stretched all the way to the horizon.

The nobles were surrounded by high-ranking wizards. The swordsman looked out for his son-in-law around the mage who was frowning and setting up a strong local barrier. If Sirone had shown even the slightest suspicion, he would have run into the Colosseum.

“Such audacity! What are you doing!”

The fat nobleman slammed his chair down and jumped to his feet. The other nobles were also trembling in the same way.

What would happen if the magic was cast toward the bleachers?

The swordsman must have cut his throat the moment Sirone turned around, but it was a matter of regulation. In fact, weren't they also nervous about the idea of ​​magic being demonstrated by students?

The fat nobleman repeatedly cursed at Sirone. However, he quickly shut up at the words of the wolf-looking nobleman sitting next to him and sat down.

It was a position already approved by Orkamp. If he rebelled here, it would be no different than exposing his identity.

“I, that child… … .”

Ji-on trembled with anger.

Not only did he chew his proposal like chewing gum, but the formidable power of magic shattered his pride.

Does it make sense for humans to push mountains?

No, even if it is possible, it is the level of the great wizard. 

That a mediocre would-be wizard wielding such abilities was a testament to how unfair the human world is.

Until now, Ji-on had refused to be equal with anyone, but now she was jealous and couldn't stand it.

Power beyond measure must only belong to royalty. If such power is given to an illegitimate child who has no power, wealth, or status, how will the country survive?

“I definitely heard the answer, Sirone. Let's see!”

Ji-on shouted for everyone to hear and headed for the exit. A number of aristocratic groups escaped after him. 

It might be Theraze group, but Sirone didn't care. After casting the full-powered Photon Cannon, I was just trying to hold on to the consciousness that was staggering as if it would fly away in a storm.

This was the first time I had cast Ataraxia and not collapsed. It was also thanks to his increased durability, but it was proof that he was enduring with such a strong heart.

Sirone turned her head with intense eyes. Wu Lin was still in his seat. But her response was to raise her eyebrows slightly and raise the corners of her mouth in a mocking manner.

She got up and whispered something to the cat and left the Colosseum without regret.

3. Late Night Ball (1)

Orkamp's steps were faster than usual. 

Although he is not easily excited, it was difficult to control his emotions this time.

I was able to calm myself down only after I pushed through the door of the study and drank the water placed on the desk.

Ataraxia.

It was truly catastrophic magic. No, is it new now?

What he saw was the power of the Archangel, the Supreme Commander of Heaven. And he was told that there are seven other archangels of equal power in heaven.

I suddenly felt skeptical. 

Will Valkyrie be able to deal with it alone?

'it's okay. Let's not look too far. It's good for me anyway.'

If only Ataraxia can be cloned, it is not a dream to join the 'Holy War', the highest national representative meeting of the Valkyries.

The 12 most powerful monarchs in the world.

Although the position of the 'Three Emperors', to which Empress Theraze belongs, was unreasonable, the 'Seven Kings' below it were worthy of being overlooked.

If that happens, Thera will also have no choice but to acknowledge Kazura's independence.

What would it feel like to manipulate the world's economy, culture, society, life, knowledge, and art at will? Orkamp was already imagining that.

“How is it?”

As Orkamp asked, Arius appeared from a corner of the study.

This kind of appearance is unpleasant from the ruler's point of view, but Arius was stubborn on the odd side. 

But today, unlike before, it wasn't unusual. His face was as flushed as Orkamp's.

“It was definitely great. Ataraxia, this is a wonderful ability.”

“I am not talking about that. Can you duplicate it now?”

“Impossible.”

Orkamp thought he had heard wrong. But his own ears were normal.

He tried to suppress his rising anger, but it was far from calming down.

So far, I've done whatever Arius asked for. It was a demonstration that he even pushed through while sticking a dagger into his child's heart.

“Why not? Is this again encapsulation?

“That is the primary cause. But even if you break the encapsulation, it's the same. Ataraxia is an ability beyond human conception. In short, even Sirone himself does not know.”

“Does that make sense? I saw Sirone cast Ataraxia with my own eyes. Does that mean Sirone is not human?”

“In a sense, yes. It's because the human body contains something that is not human. Sirone doesn't understand and cast Ataraxia. How about explaining it like this? It just happens.”

Orkamp's eyes grew cold.

“Tell me straight. You must convince me in this answer.”

Feeling alive, Arius finally stopped laughing.

“The most likely is that Ataraxia is etched very deep into Sirone's subconscious. Maybe not close to instinct? Then, it is not strange that Sirone uses her abilities even if she does not know the principles. It’s not that you understand how to breathe and breathe.”

“Instinct. If so, wouldn’t it be okay to extract it from there?”

"well. Instinct is said to be maternal consciousness, and it is an area that is influenced at the genetic level. Even if I'm a professional grave digger, it's impossible to dive that far. No, to be precise, you can dive, but you will be crushed by Sirone's unconsciousness.”

Orkamp banged the desk.

I've been saying no to it ever since. What's more, I can't dive because my life is precious now.

“Do you know that I hired you just to listen to that? If you don't get Ataraxia... … !”

“There is one way.”

Orkamp changed his expression as if he had never done that.

Well, the 7 Madou Girls of the Black Line wouldn't have boasted of their incompetence without any countermeasures.

“Sorry for not telling you earlier. However, this can be a bit tricky. Perhaps His Highness will need resolution as well.”

"If you're determined, it's always done. What way?”

Arius looked around and whispered in his ear. Normally, he didn't care whether Eliza eavesdropped or not, but this time it was good to be cautious.

“What, what?”

Orkamp raised his eyes in horror. Arius' eyes, on the other hand, narrowed like snakes.

I didn't know when he was smiling, but his expressionless face was like a poisonous snake.

“It is the only way.”

Orkamp touched the desk with trembling hands.

“Yeah, that can’t be. Do you know what that means?”

"of course. But with this method, you can definitely get ataraxia.”

Orkamp let out a heavy breath.

get ataraxia In Valkyrie, she has the ability designated as Triple S.

Kazura's Independence. seven planets. Several thoughts ran through my mind.

"but… … Do I really have to do that?”

“Your Highness, I've told you many times, but I don't have time. It is time for quick decisions.”

Orkamp shook his head.

It took time. Even if they do, how will they deal with the aftermath that will follow them? You should also have a plan in place for that.

“Give me a moment, a little time to think.”

Arius' face contorted viciously. But when Orkamp raised his head, he returned to smiling as usual.

“Of course, it takes time. All right. Call me when you are sure.”

Arius bowed and left the study.

As he walked quickly down the hallway, he leaned his back against the wall in an empty place and spat out curse words.

“Sheesh, stupid child. pathetic guy It's like peckish.”

Of course, Orkamp's reaction was normal. After calling them bloodlines they found after 18 years, they made them endure all kinds of humiliation and insults, and now they are trying to steal even the most precious thing.

However, there should be no limit to the king's ruthlessness. This can work, that can’t, and having a barrier to judgment in this way meant that the bowl was small after all.

If you start hesitating, you won't have anything. Even if you follow the suggestion belatedly, remorse will distract you. Such people would one day ruin everything.

'It's disappointing, Orkamp. I thought he was a ruthless monarch, but he's no different from an ordinary nobleman.'

---------------------------------------