Demon World Hell⑵

The moon had risen, but the heat still remained in the place where the four archangels fought.

The largest trace was a huge groove that stretched over 10 kilometers in three different directions.

And from those three directions, Satiel, Uriel, and Rayel walked almost simultaneously.

The three archangels we met in the center were silent for a long time.

It was Uriel who spoke first.

“… … You left.”

Satiel's fist flew, and Ray El quickly grabbed her by the wrist.

“Calm down.”

“Let go.”

Satiel said while fixing her eyes on Yuriel.

"I'm serious. You'd better let it go. Otherwise, you will be destroyed by me first.”

Uriel said into the air.

"There's nothing worse than finding the reason for your defeat in someone else."

“Look for someone else?”

Shaking off Rayel's hand, Satiel approached.

“It was you who didn’t do your best! Do you know that I don't know? Are you thinking of betraying Heaven too?”

Uriel remained silent.

When Satiel held out her hand, the Nostalgia of the Judicial Halo began to spin at a terrifying speed.

“I will disassemble it.”

The moment he was about to launch an attack, Uriel said.

“Is Ikael… …

Her fingers twitched, and Uriel stared straight into Satiel's eyes.

“Why did you leave us?”

said Leil.

“You must have chosen blood before heaven.”

It was only after he had said it out of his mouth that he realized how bizarre the situation was.

'I see. This is really strange. Angels, and even the archangel, have human children.'

said Uriel.

“I'm not talking sentimental. The fact that Ikael chose Hexa means that he abandoned Heaven of his own will.”

Satiel felt the limits of her patience.

"So what? That's why you're so angry right now. What do you want to say?”

“Rather than what I want to say, I never thought I could do that. That an angel could betray Heaven.”

Rael asked.

“So you just sent it? only… … Because you don't understand?”

“I will fight Ikael.”

Uriel turned around.

“But from now on, it is my fight, not heaven. Only my will will define this war.”

Satiel didn't understand, but Ray El thought it was a natural result.

'Uriel... …

Although his actions are heavy and he is clumsy in expressing his opinions, it seems that Ikael always did what he wanted.

'The one who felt the greatest deprivation might not be Satiel, but Yuriel.'

No, maybe even myself.

'Uriel has left. The remaining archangels are me and Satiel. If that's the case, then I...'

To be honest, neither Rayel nor Ikael wanted to choose anything from the moment they left.

'That kind of existence, Ikael.'

It was the only direction in a world without direction, and the only meaning to an angel who did not know the meaning of existence.

“You go away too.”

Satiel spat.

“I don’t need a conflicting archangel. And you don't want to be with me anyway, do you?"

Rayel, who was staring at Satiel, turned away without saying anything.

Satiel gnashed his teeth as he watched Rayel disappear into the darkness.

“Are those things angels?”

The asteroid began to turn red again.

“What an archangel! What is the noblest being in the universe! After all, you just envy humans!”

Her twin Mara Gallio reached out.

“Satiel! You must preserve the asteroid... …

“Ichael! Ichael! Ichael!”

Red tears welled up in Satiel's eyes.

“Why is it always Ikael? What's different about me! Ikael forgives no matter what he does, so why can't I!”

Looking back, I wondered if there was anyone in the world who received universal love as much as Ekael.

“From now on, I am the archangel.”

Wiping away tears with her arms, she declared.

“Listen to the entire army! I will punish Ikael for betraying Heaven! I am the noblest angel, and I am the only one who can uphold Anchera's will!”

Her voice boomed, but all that came back was an empty echo.

“Ikael will annihilate all the humans he loves! I will set the law straight!”

Galio felt miserable as he saw his master burst into a cry close to screaming.

'No matter how much I shout... … ;;

Her voice couldn't shake the world like Ikael's.

After washing herself at the inn, Sirone walked down the hallway to Amy's room.

It was past midnight, but judging by the presence of people in the doorway, it seemed that other people could not fall asleep easily either.

“Amy.”

Hearing a knock, Amy came out and led me into the room with a smile on her face.

"come in."

Sirone guessed the deep sadness behind her smile.

“I came because I was worried.”

"are you okay."

To her, Garcia was both a teacher and a benefactor who made the most of her life.

“I’m sad, but I won’t cry. I promised so much. I don't want anyone to cry when I die.”

She also seemed to sense that the war was not over yet.

“I met your mother.”

It was broad daylight on the other side of the planet, and incidents were happening all over the world, but this was the only story Sirone could tell with pleasure.

"really? Are you talking about your mother? If so, maybe... …

“Yes, it is Ikael. It's a bit awkward now, but it'll get better with time. I will introduce you too.”

Amy was delighted with her work.

"of course. What happened?"

The two sat side by side on the bed and talked about everything they had experienced so far.

Amy was cautious when talking about Nane, but Sirone understood.

“I think it might have been. Because I also came here through Nane’s philosophy.”

“I still feel bad. I was honestly shaken. Not me, but what you suggest. Yudo, who brought up this story, felt like he was committing a crime against you... …

"huh. I did too. I left you and your friends for the sake of humanity. That's right, Amy.”

Sirone put his hand on Amy's shoulder.

“What is hard for me is hard for you. That’s the heart, and now you know.”

Ultima might not be that far away, Amy suddenly thought.

“Sirone.”

As moisture seeped into Amy's voice, Sirone turned to face her.

Her hair, which had been burned by the fire, was short, but it couldn't change Amy.

The silence lengthened, and the lengthened time seemed to push the two people's faces from behind.

Just before our lips met, the door slammed open.

“Amy, what are you doing… … what?"

The faces of the two people who dropped their bodies excitedly at Tess's voice went red even to their ears.

Tess laughed bashfully.

“Sirone was there too. Did I interrupt you?”

“Haha, no.”

While Sirone waved her hand, Amy glared at Tess mischievously.

“You know, what do you ask?”

He probably wasn't so ignorant that he didn't know that he was with Sirone.

I watched Amy's reaction cutely

Tess pointed out the door with a big smile.

"come out. Let's drink.”

"this time? Are not you tired?"

“All troops, excluding the wounded, will gather at the cafeteria, Nade said. It's been a while since we've gathered, but we should at least say welcome. Because Rian doesn't know the magic school friends well. Me too.”

“Ah, yes.”

He is friendly with everyone in Sironeya, but among his friends, there were some people who didn't communicate with each other.

“Okay, let’s go.”

Heading to the restaurant, the noise echoed in the hallway even before we arrived.

"uh? Sirone, sirone!”

Nade, who had finished two beers, stood up while chewing on meat, and his smile was convex.

“Oh, are you two coming together? look, did i say that? I'm sure you'll be together.”

As Amy's eyes tightened as she found the ringleader, Nade held her belly button and laughed.

Dorothy brought drinks and food.

"thank you."

If Sirone hadn't come, this rookie might not exist in reality by now.

“Thank you. We fought together.” Drinking in a friendly atmosphere

I was upset, and blush bloomed on everyone's faces.

However, while each of them shared their stories of heroism, Lian sipped his drink alone with a smile on his face.

"nice to meet."

Iruki spoke to Lian, who was sitting next to him.

“I heard a lot about you from Sirone. Although, of course, I knew it through hundreds of reports. Let's be friendly.”

When Rian's beer glass was empty, Iruki held out the bottle and held it out.

While everyone watched happily, Lian politely held the glass with both hands and held it out.

An awkward silence continued for a while, and the rookie stared at Lian as if he hadn't expected it.

Tess frowned and shook her head.

'Ugh, that stuffy guy.'

Sirone's friend.

Since Lian was a friend of the lord, he thought that he couldn't do anything recklessly.

“Greetings. My name is Lian, the knight of Sirone. I wish you well in the future.”

said Amy.

“Hey, Lian. You don't have to go that far. They're all friends, and they're all about the same age.”

“Sorry if I broke the mood. But I can't be the first to commit rudeness.”

Sirone gave a friendly smile.

'I'm still nervous.'

The reason for borrowing the spirit of alcohol to talk about saga is to blow off the stress of battle.

But Ryan is different.

Under the circumstances protecting Sirone, he would never let go of his heart.

Such a friend was dependable and trustworthy, but as expected, Sirone was also cautious about playing when he was playing.

“Yes, Lian. I hope you are comfortable. Anyway, we will fight as a team.”

Only then did Lian take the glass with one hand.

"Good good! Let's drink until our nose gets crooked today. Let's toast. Cheers!"

After another round of rounds, the topic of the table shifted to the Ultima system.

Iruki asked.

“What are you going to do? Honestly, the only breakthrough is the Ultima system, but is it really possible?”

to unite the human spirit.

“I have a few alternatives in mind. If Mr. Miro comes tomorrow, I want to discuss it with you.”

Amy was startled.

“Is there an alternative?”

Aside from the solution, the very fact that there is an alternative came as a shock.

"huh. It's not perfect, of course.”

"for example?"

When Tess, who was blowing on the bottle, asked, Sirone thought for a moment before standing up.

“Then let’s try it here.” While everyone stopped chatting and looked on, Sirone put his hands together and closed his eyes.

The light spread between the palms, and finally became a transparent glow and blazed.

“Miracle Stream? suddenly what... … ?” With her arms wide open, you turned to everyone and said with playful eyes.

“Your sins?????

The light emanating from both palms filled the dining room.

“Sahanora.”

"ah??????

The thrilling time comes, and by the time 10 more minutes have passed since then, at the restaurant

“Uhhhh!”

Nade was pouring out a loud cry.

"sorry. How can love like this exist in the world? I don't even know... … I will live kindly. Aaaah!”

Iruki shouted as if tired.

“Oh, stop crying! What sins did you commit so many times in your life that your tears won’t stop?”

It's probably a one-day affair with a brain god.

“This bastard! You cried too! And who was it that weaved at me in the temple? You are the crybaby!”

“… … The words of living a good life are all lies

Guman.”

Sirone agreed.

“Haha, it's not that easy. However, the light of agape purifies the human heart. Why this is important will be discussed at a formal meeting tomorrow, but it will help build an integrated mental system.”

Dorothy asked.

“But isn’t your opinion too technical? I was so moved and satisfied.”

Sirone smiled.

“Because the situation is the situation. It's not like I wish it was like this. You must succeed. After tomorrow's meeting, I will go on a pilgrimage to various parts of the world to spread this light.”

“A pilgrimage?”

Nade's and Iruki's eyes lit up at the same time.