[106] Geumgangseung (6)

Amira's eyes, which had been firmly planted, shook for the first time. The steel-like wick had no choice but to melt when he saw Alfeas' face.

Why not? He had been following him since the days when he used to pee on the blanket.

"sorry. For making you do this hard work.”

Amira lowered her head and tried to hold back the tears that were about to spill out.

“I don't mean to hurt the headmaster. The more respected the world is, the more you shouldn't cover up your mistakes, and if you go on like this, even school... … .”

“Why don’t you know? No one here hates you. You are the future of the school.”

Alpheas looked at Amira with pity. All the students who gathered here were like the upbringing that they had raised. I was sorry for hurting them.

Raising her head again, Amira looked at Alfeas with moist eyes. She had a benevolent smile like the one she had seen in childhood.

“Will you trust me just once? Once Sirone's work is finished, let's handle everything transparently. Even if any punishment is given, I will do my best to stand out in front of my beloved disciples. I will never run away.”

Hot tears ran down Amira's cheeks.

“Are you really coming back? I respect... … .”

"then. There will be no deceit in punishing me. I promise you with the honor of a lifetime.”

Amira wiped away the tears with the back of her hand. She could never cry in front of Alfeas. I wanted to show her who has grown much more mature than when she was young. & nbsp;

"All right. Since you said that last time, the student council will accept the principal's opinion and review the agenda again. Please do not do anything that damages your honor.”

Alpheas smiled happily. He grew up to be a wild and smart student. In a short voice of his tongue, 'Principal Dundaeng!' The child who ran to me while calling out has grown up like this before I knew it.

'Erina, I guess my life wasn't in vain either.'

When the student council president made the decision, the protesters immediately dispersed. The conservatives who occupied the entrance also scattered, and the front of the building became desolate in an instant.

Fermi, the only one left, scratched his head shyly.

“Ah, it went well and then ruined it at the last minute.”

Alpheas burst out laughing.

“Chuck! Looks like things didn't go your way this time, Fermi."

“I can’t. Honestly, I think it's against the rules for the principal to step forward.”

“Should I graduate now? You too will be twenty-two next year.”

"well. I don't even have money to make here yet.”

“Is that so?”

I knew at least that Fermi was the key figure behind the incident. However, Alpheas was proud of being a disciple who had grown so fast.

“Besides, it's still fun here. Enough then.”

Without saying hello, Fermi saluted and walked away. Perhaps he wouldn't even be in the student council after today. Because peaceful places don't make money.

Iruki and Nade, who headed to the infirmary, were silent. It was the first time we had a serious fight since five years ago, so the awkwardness still lingered. But as expected, Nade couldn't stand this atmosphere.

"hey! How can you not say a word? You don't have to fool me, do you? Is it just to make you look cool?”

“You are laughing. What strategy are you discussing with the guy swimming butterfly in the sea of ​​sorrow? Besides, if the information is leaked, the other side will also come up with a means. Why is your head not spinning like that?”

“Yes, I am stupid! You are very good at yourself!”

Whether they were angry or swearing, the conversation was open and the awkward feelings disappeared in an instant. Iruki asked with a worried expression. 

“How are you anyway? No matter how tempered I am, should I reveal my old personality?”

Nade also covered his head as if he had a lot of regret.

“Oh, I don’t know. I didn't even have time to think of anything else at the time. Anyway, it's okay because we didn't fight."

“Because I was so cool. You may have already been erased from my memory.”

“You are laughing. Did you calculate everything after all?”

“Hey, how are you? Bow down to me.”

Their conversation ended when the door to the infirmary opened. Amy was out to meet her. Iruki scratched his head embarrassingly. As for Nade, it was still difficult for him to treat Amy comfortably.

“Well, once it happened like this. Anyway, since Sirone was protected... … .”

Tears flowed from Amy's eyes just as she was about to gloss over it.

"thank you. Thank you, Iruki... … .”

Iruki made a terrified expression. 

“Sheesh, it’s okay.”

Emotionally weak, he entered the infirmary as if running away. But there, another mass of emotions, Seriel, was waiting with his arms wide open.

Iruki escaped Seriel's arms with boxing weaving techniques and took refuge in Sirone.  

'Oh, this is why women hate it.'

Seriel and Amy, who met at the door, hugged each other and started running. In addition, Nade joined in and went round and round in the infirmary.

“Wow! live! Sirone is alive now!”

In the bright atmosphere of the tide, a soft smile appeared on Iruki's lips. But her heart wasn't very good. The death was postponed on paper, but nothing improved.

Sirone is still motionless as if asleep. Even after graduation, the promise to be together was vivid, but it did not feel real that the person concerned was dead.

'Come back. I'll wait forever.'

* * *

Sirone regained his sanity. To be precise, in a mad state, he went mad again. His mind was repeating normality and madness like a rapidly spinning coin between N and S poles. 

I was crazy a thousand times. She desperately tried to hold on to her spirit that was about to be overturned, but the huge stimulus that surged infiltrated into Sirone's essence and changed her disposition.

“You are a given child. Your parents would have been fine with anyone other than you. Was there ever a hard time while raising you? I would have regretted it every time. I mean, I just picked it up. If it were my real parents, I wouldn't have thought of this.”

"no! It can't be!”

“You must be an illegitimate child. Anyone in this world can be adopted. They are not your parents.”

The cries of the soul spread as the particles of Sirone shook.

Oh oh oh oh!

“Your essence is a sneaky predator. An existence that tramples everyone with superior abilities. Your strength inevitably causes someone to fail. You are a tumor unnecessary to the world.”

Oh oh oh oh!

Sirone went crazy again. I felt like I was stinking from my mind. When the union ends like this, what will I be reconstructed into? devil? Yasha? devil? It was unknown.

The speed of impact has accelerated even more. As soon as the limit was reached, two tendencies began to coexist in Sirone's head, which rotated from pole to pole.

It was a new world.

In an extreme mental state that no drug can reach, Sirone has finally found the only solution to maintain her sanity.

That was the starting point.

If the boundary of the cycle is called the limit, the origin is the starting point of the limit. But it contained possibilities that encompassed the entire world.

Some people call it a spot. Some call it the Spirit Zone. Some say Taegeuk. But the sorcerer called it like this.

infinite.

Sirone's eyes widened. The spirit zone was sucked into my head, and countless particles that were scattered at superlight speed began to be restored to my mental body.

At the center of infinity, Sirone did not falter. As the voice that had been bothering him disappeared, the strength of his mental body tightened like a diamond.

The state of gold river that can be reached at the end of thousands of agony. 

It was a gold mine.

Sirone gazed at the exit with a radiantly burning body. There was no more confusion. As he moved his stride, the warm, bright light of the exit penetrated his body and became one.

A small, transparent glass marble floated in front of his eyes. Inside the marble, small enough to fit in the palm of your hand, was the temple you had just stayed in, where a woman was looking up at Sirone.

“You are leaving at last. Sirone.”

"sorry. But I want to go back.”

“There is no need to be sorry. Because I honestly thought it wouldn't work. You deserve it.”

I didn't expect that the woman would let go, so my steps to leave were rather heavy. Is that why? Even though she knew it had nothing to do with it, Sirone had no choice but to ask.

“Have you ever been lonely?”

The woman blinked with a puzzled expression, then smiled warmly.

“Sirone is a kind person. But God doesn't feel alone. I'm just a little sad that you're leaving. Very little.”

“Thank you for bringing me back to life. I really wanted to tell you this.”

For an instant, the woman's expression became serious.

“Remember. There are no second chances. You, who have reached the stage of Vajrapani, are no longer worthy of being invited by me.”

Sirone nodded as if resolving and moved toward the exit. I felt a warm light as my mind began to be sucked into another dimension of time and space.

'It's finally back.'

A woman's voice was heard in the distance.

-Please say hello to the principal.

Even in a clouded state, Sirone was suspicious. How does she know Principal Alfeas? However, her thoughts didn't last long and she was sucked into Sirone's body as her mental body melted away.

* * *

The 10th day of Sirone's death.

“Mmm.”

Amy woke up rubbing her sleepy eyes. I heard her crunch as I leaned her back from her seated position in her chair. She stayed up all night, so it felt like her brain was still asleep even though her body was moving.

Looking around, the other friends haven't woken up yet. After drinking her water and washing her face, she approached Sirone while wiping her face with a towel.

“Sirone. I will come back today... … .”

Amy groaned and held her breath. The sound of her heart beating reached her eardrums. A shudder ran up her spine and quivered down her shoulders, neck and face.

Sirone opened her eyes.

"uh? uh?"

Amy called Nade and Iruki, who were sleeping on a blanket on the floor.

“Hey, here… … here, here... … .”

No words came out. I should at least make a sound, but it felt like my throat was clogged. Amy tried a last resort. Taking a deep breath, she closed her eyes tightly and exclaimed.

“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”

Nade and Iruki jumped up at the sound of screams that seemed to leave the infirmary.

"what! what!"

to everyday life (1)

Alpheas calmed his shaking heart and held out his hand. When he saw Sirone open his eyes, even he, a certified 4th-class magician, couldn't help but be surprised.

Currently, Sirone is under the slow magic. He probably spent the whole night just lifting his eyelids. The only way to know if he was really alive was to break the spell.

Alpheas put his hand on Sirone's chest and turned back time. However, Sirone still showed no signs of moving. No one could have guessed what happened next. I have no choice but to follow the will of heaven.

“Huh!”

Then, Sirone breathed in and raised her upper body. The faces of the people watching nervously brightened. Sirone, on the other hand, was terrified, like someone who came back alive from hell.

"what? What happened?"

Sirone was stunned by the sudden amount of air. The world seen in the slow state was an abstract painting full of colors. As the landscape returned to normal, people's faces were visible. Amy and her friends were crying behind Alfeas.

---------------------------------------