[303] Secrets of the Abyss (4)

Amy shouted, burning her crimson eyes.

“You bastard! On the subject of thieves, make a barricade with the owner's belongings? If you're a wizard too, let's fight proudly! Why are you afraid of losing to me?”

"haha! There is a difference in level, but is it necessary? Especially Armin, I know you're not in a normal state.”

Arius put his hand on the statue.

“The rehearsal is over. The reason we waited for you before the main performance was because we wanted to share this historic moment with everyone. It will be a spectacle that you will never see in your lifetime, so please enjoy it.”

When the scale magic resizing was cast, the 8-meter statue of Ataraxia shrank to a size similar to that of a chess unit.

When the archangel's statue turned into a figure, Ji-on's eyes shone.

With that size, it's not difficult to carry around in your pocket. You can use Ataraxia anytime, anywhere.

“Hmm, this is great. Then where... … .”

“You bastard! That's Sirone! I won't let you go if you touch me!”

Seeing Amy shake her teeth, Ji-on felt like she was going to explode.

"haha! What are you going to do? there's nothing you can do anyway Just watch the sight of Ataraxia becoming mine.”

Arius grabbed the archangel figure and lifted his upper body with a sobbing sound.

But for some reason it didn't budge.

I exerted my strength until my face turned red, but to no avail.

“… … .”

Arius left the figure and stepped back.

Then, looking back at the people who were paying attention to him, he burst into laughter as if embarrassed.

"Ha ha ha ha ha!"

why isn't it moving?

Resizing has nothing to do with mass because it reduces the scale of space. What is a small pebble to humans is a huge rock to ants.

'I still can't lift it. A mass that transcends dimensions? No, there is no dimension beyond scale magic. So what's the problem?'

Zion, who was worse off, pushed Arius away and took his place.

"Move. What are you struggling with?”

Arius let Zeon do it. There is no difference in the strength of a kid, but Armand should be able to produce power comparable to the schema.

“Anyway, sorcerers are… … .”

Ji-on clicked his tongue and bowed his head.

As I grabbed the archangel figure and grabbed my wrist with the other hand, Armand immediately reacted.

-Activation of the muscle strengthening system. Increased energy metabolism rate. muscle fiber enhancement. Flexibility of movable joints. Strengthen ligament tension. Reset force center point.

“Turn it off!”

Holding on to Ataraxia, Ji-on straightened her back and was surprised by the unexpected weight.

However, he was also overflowing with strength through Armand's strength training program. I thought I could move a rock the size of a house.

Ji-on spread his bent knees and pulled his upper body upward.

Finally, the figure of the Archangel began to emerge about a finger.

“I can't go on like this! I have to get in somehow and get it back!”

Amy shouted, but Armin only looked at Zeon's movements.

I can tell because he is also a scale wizard. It's not because Ataraxia is heavy that you can't hear it. It was clear that some rule other than mass was at work.

'What's going on?'

Zeon succeeded in lifting Ataraxia up to her waist.

"done! Hey, now this is mine... … !”

At that moment, a metal sound like a scream was heard and the son-in-law was dyed red. The peaceful appearance of the temple turned into a dangerous atmosphere in an instant.

When the archangel's figure exploded, Zeon and Arius flew to the wall. On the other hand, Armin's party was safe thanks to the rupture of the mental wave barrier, which offset the shock.

Zeon borrowed the power of Armand and took center stage.

When he tried to run back to Ataraxia after Ogi was activated, Arius leaned against the wall and shouted.

"It's not possible! Don't come close!”

A magic circle was engraved on the floor, and a cylindrical curtain of light surged up to protect the figure. The ancient language of Heaven then began to be rapidly engraved on the surface of the tabernacle.

“We have to go quickly and get Ataraxia back!”

Reina put her arrow on the string and prepared to run. But Armin stretched out her arm to block her charge.

"for a moment! That’s a sealed margin.”

If alchemy developed magic engineeringly, Bongmajin is the result of spiritually developing magic.

Magicians do not recognize the dichotomy between good and evil, but in the religious world, many beings defined as evil have been imprisoned in the barracks.

Arius was also very nervous when he realized that it was the process of disarming the seal.

'Why is there a seal attached to Sirone's consciousness?'

It is impossible to engrave something without a trace in the maternal psychology that takes place in the womb.

Even if he was possessed, it would be normal to have at least a statue like Ataraxia. Perhaps it was a mutation that occurred when Sirone was in an embryonic state.

However, the probability that the logical combination, the Bongmajin, would manifest in the first stage of the spirit was lower than the probability that the parts swept away by the wind would spontaneously assemble into a carriage.

The golden ancient languages ​​climbing up the curtain of light finished the process. As programming died out, a sentence was written in the center of the cylinder.

Arius quickly interpreted the language of Heaven.

'La Hadamah Judran Arab, Ya Ahud Min Alfoud. Lord of Chaos, tear down the border wall. I don't know what it is, but it won't come out cute. huh?'

A new phrase was written below the sentence.

Due to the nature of the sealing margin, the sealer's signature must be written. The exorcists' utterances such as 'I give an order in the name of so-and-so' are like that. Also, this was proof that Sirone's security device was artificially designed.

"what… … ?”

Armin and Arius, who could read the ancient language, were frozen.

As if written in human handwriting, the slowly drawn line of light placed a period next to the designer's name.

The name of the lost person was engraved.

Maclein Guffin

Master of Incarnation (1)

'Nonsense! Nonsense! Nonsense!'

Arius's head turned faster than ever. It was 80 percent excitement, 19 percent fear, and 1 percent denial.

The sealed margin designed by Guffin is obviously a security device to prevent the robbery of the mother's mind. Otherwise, I cannot explain the reason for my silence until now.

'But what the hell... … why? No, why the hell?'

The first stage is the area of ​​the gene level. Could the remains of a Guffin be hiding in a place like this?

The result of Guffin ended 18 years ago. So, when was the seal margin created?

Arius remembered Sirone's age.

'Eighteen. But what kind of eighteen are you? before reset? After reset?'

There is no way to know. But Arius felt like blind faith.

'Is it time to reset?'

The crack field verification experiment proves the gap between time and energy. Although the gap is only fleeting, the universe faces a crack due to it.

There is no guarantee that Sirone was born in a rift. There is no probability, and there is no evidence to support the fact.

But Arius was seized with a strong conviction.

Indeed, if Guffin designed the security device, no wizard in existence would be able to disarm it.

But why didn't it be installed on the 11th level, where the interference of others is the most severe?

'Because it was inevitable.'

It was installed in the state of a fetus, or the state of an embryo.

'Are you saying that robbery was impossible from the beginning?'

No diver other than Arius can penetrate the guphin's bar margin.

But he still hasn't given up hope.

'I guess it depends on what comes out of there.'

The existence that was trapped in the seal raised its face above the magic circle.

It resembled a rhino and had gray matter skin. It was covered in bumpy bumps that even a knife could not go through. It had seven eyes, one in the center and three on each side.

The leg protruding from the bar margin hit the floor.

When the monster pulled the body up to the opposite leg, the floor of the temple collapsed and poured into the ground.

It was a mistake to guess the size based on the face alone. Its torso was 100 times larger than its face. Its stomach was wickedly inflated, and its back was studded with thousands of horns curved like lightning.

It was as if the anger of the egoist, which had been manifested in the 7th stage, appeared in real form.

“Damn it!”

Arius got annoyed and distanced himself.

Drinking Behemoth.

He was the king of beasts, active long before the history of mankind.

'It's good enough for antiques, how old are they?'

Behemoth is a being that appears in the creation myth even in heaven. Even powerful Maras should bow 90 degrees to Behemoth, and that is why they are called Demon Gods.

Waking up from a long slumber, the Behemoth did not move for a while. Then he snapped his head and relaxed, and he looked down at the people with seven eyes.

“Foolish humans, I will destroy you according to the contract of the beast.”

Behemoth, who issued an order to kill, made electricity form at the vertices of the horns on its back.

Thousands of lightning bolts turned on at the same time, and everyone's face turned pale.

"shit! I have to get out.”

As soon as Arius opened the door, he left.

On the other hand, Ji-on looked at the archangel's figure with regret. However, the moment he turned his attention to the Behemoth's electric power, which seemed to burn up the space at any moment, he let out a scream without realizing it and ran toward the door.

“We must get out too! Follow me!”

Armin shouted at the two women.

There was no need to judge and sleep this time.

The demon was a double-S class existence by the standards of the wizarding society. This means that arithmetically, it has the power of 370 9th-class battle mages.

Even in practical terms, it was possible to deal with more than 20 6th grade wizards, assuming that they knew how to attack.

Moreover, since various variables occur depending on characteristics and combinations in actual combat, it was necessary to have combat power at least 1.8 times the practical standard in order to be able to reliably suppress it.

In a word, it was said that at this level of party, not even teeth, let alone nails, went into it.

Amy and Reina slammed into the door without even looking back, and Armin immediately followed by casting flicker magic.

Thousands of lightning bolts entangled in a chain of charges, forming an electric field like a spider's web. Bolts beyond the saturation point spread out in all directions, destroying the space.

The door absorbed the powerful energy and disappeared with a bang.

* * *

Armin and the others were thrown out of the door as if they were being shot from a cannon. Amy and Reina rolled across the floor, and only Armin managed to keep his balance and land.

"Are you okay?"

Amy let out a continuous cough.

“Suddenly, I couldn’t breathe. Coke!”

As soon as she jumped into the door, a powerful frenzy blew from the side of Sirone's mental world. If it had been a little too late to get out, it would have been roasted in the Behemoth's bolt.

Arius had already fled and only Zeon remained. However, as if he was in confusion, he couldn't take any action even after seeing Armin's party.

Amy saw Sirone hanging upside down in a spider's web.

The time force field hasn't been released yet, but it won't last long in this state. Eventually, the force field would have to be solved, and no one could have predicted what would happen next.

“I think the blood vessels have already been cut. What should I do?"

“What did you imprint on Sirone’s consciousness?”

Amy shook her head in despair.

“I couldn't think of anything. So I had no choice but to write Sirone.”

“Good job. If you can't come up with a concrete strategy, the abstract will help. You can use Sirone's ritual. From now on, we will solve the force field. Be prepared.”

“Ha, but… … !”

Amy wasn't ready mentally.

Since the stream of consciousness has been changed, Sirone may instinctively find a solution, but if he fails, Sirone's head will be cut off the next moment.

---------------------------------------