[39] Another Genius (1)

Sirone has been promoted to Class Five.

It was fortunate that Shiina, who knew the unique way of studying called the backbone of knowledge, became a dedicated teacher.

Because the class rose two steps at once, there were times when I couldn't keep up with the progress, but Sirone stuck to the old way to the end.

The advanced class takes an exam once a week, and at the end of the month there is a final exam to determine the rank for the month, and Sirone scored 40th out of 40 in the first exam.

There were a total of 11 subjects, and the average score was only 32 points.

However, it is noteworthy that the scores for each subject were evenly distributed between 30 and 33 points.

The average score on the second theory test was 34 points.

'An increase of 2 points on average may seem insignificant. but… … .'

Scores in all subjects rose at the same time.

The third test was similar, this time with a steeper upward trend, with all subject scores distributed between 36 and 39 points.

'The whole thing is going up at once.'

Looking at Sirone's overall upward grade graph, I could feel his will.

'thank god. Staying in the bottom ranks for a long time can lead to a loss of confidence.'

In the graph, there was no such anxiety visible, and he was walking on his own path in silence.

'Theory exams are important. Because it's one of the main criteria for evaluating a battery.'

Teachers consider a score of 60 or higher as the minimum standard for being able to use magic.

'Assuming that you raise 10 points per month, you will be able to use basic magic after three months. If so... … .'

In less than half a year, he could use almost the basics of magic.

Of course, since humans are not machines, there will be differences in aptitude depending on inclination, and the gap will widen as one gets a high score.

However, looking at the graph now, I felt a strange anticipation that it might be possible.

How far can you raise your score without missing a single subject?

The result would determine how much Sirone's potential was.

'My friendships are smooth.'

There was no student who ignored Sirone because of low grades.

When they reach Class Five, the students' ground assignments are set to the graduating class, not the immediate rank.

Countries around the world are not sparing money to maintain the highest level of magic system, and in such a situation, the important thing for students is to differentiate themselves from other wizards by specializing in their major.

Therefore, students who did not yet have any special skills were envious of Sirone, who was a light specialist.

'Even if I think about it, the photon series seems to fit well.'

Above all, the photon series was a field in which omnipotence had a greater effect than batteries.

Of course, the battery side has also built a fairly advanced theory, but there is a limit to the human mind in order to use the properties of light.

In fact, if Sirone had not felt the articulation of time with insight, he would not have been able to complete the uncrossable bridge.

For this reason, classmates could not ignore Sirone, and juniors often greeted her during integrated classes.

Ironically, among the juniors, the student who followed Sirone the most was Mark, who returned after being disciplined.

“Senior, please sit here. I took your place.”

“Yeah, thank you.”

As the captain of Class 7, Mark felt proud of being able to get along with Sirone.

"oh! Were you here? Will there be a place for me?”

"omg! Hello, senior!

Mark jumped up and greeted Seriel.

Seriel was someone who was at the top of Class Four, so he was an unapproachable senior.

Seriel, who waved her hand as if she didn't care, clung to her as soon as she sat next to Sirone.

“My Sirone, you don’t seem to have any energy these days. Well, is it natural that your lover left?”

"haha! It's not like that.”

A week ago, Amy took the promotion test and was finally promoted to her senior year.

According to Seriel, she passed easily, but it was clear that she had trained her teeth thoroughly without even looking at them.

“You must be lonely more than me. She used to go out with Amy all the time.”

“So what. But it's okay. I’m thinking of entering my senior year soon too.”

"yes? Are you in your senior year?”

Seriel had enough qualifications.

There are many talented people in Class Four, but she was also a talent that stood out in recovery magic.

Besides, the senior class was a class that only focused on their major, so recovery magic with high discrimination would have many advantages.

“It’s not a place to go with friends, but… … Like Amy, I was inspired by you. Originally, it was my dream to go to a health center and live a rough life, but for some reason I thought it was a waste to end it like this.”

Hearing from Jaein, whom the school admits, that becoming a public health center worker is a dream brings Mark to tears.

“If you say something like that, what will happen to me?”

“Whoops, don’t worry too much. I didn't come this far because I'm good at something. Anyone can rise to Class Four if they work hard. Sirone is a special case.”

Sirone hurriedly shook her hand.

"no. I'm actually pretty lucky too. The promotion test wasn’t a regular course last time, either.”

“Because there is nothing to lose. I bet you will be entering your senior year sooner or later. Although Amy is determined that she will never be a senior classmate. Fufu, try your best anyway.”

'Graduation class motive is absolutely impossible.'

It was an Amy-like remark, and as I imagined her working hard on training while grinding her teeth, my body heated up.

"right. Come to think of it, did Amy decide on her major?”

"what? You mean you still didn't know? I've thought about it for a long time, but you guys are really dating.”

“It is like that.”

As Sirone smiled and evaded it, Seriel put her chin on her chin and thought.

“Hmm, Emiya’s main specialty is fire magic, and her fire method is specialized for the target type. From what I heard before, it seems like they're probably targeting snipers.”

Most fire mages aim to be combat mages, but snipers were quite a unique field.

"If you're a sniper, aren't you supposed to be a soldier?"

Seriel, who read Sirone's feelings, smiled bitterly.

“I can’t. I also think it's a bit strange for Amy to be a soldier, but it's normal for her to choose her profession for her talent. Besides, Amy is Karmis from the first-class family. She'll have to do something for her family's honor.”

Sirone was worried.

“But it is dangerous. If necessary, go to the battlefield and harm people.”

“It may be so, but when a war breaks out, majors don’t matter at all. Anyone with a wizard job would be put into the battlefield without exception. The magic school will also become a training center for future wizards according to the kingdom's orders. From then on, it's graduation and nothing else. After receiving basic military training, it is unconditional commitment.”

It was a bitter truth that was hard to swallow.

“That's why it's a special purpose school. Even if a death occurs during education, half of the responsibility lies with the student.”

“To put it bluntly, we are also parts of the kingdom after all. Rather, the more talented people like Amy are, the stronger the war deterrence is.”

“It is, but… … .”

Tormia is a powerful country in its own way, but being a soldier was not a safe job because peace could not always be maintained.

Diplomatic friction could lead to war with other countries, and if an alliance kingdom requested support, Amy had to go to the forefront and fight.

The belligerent Mark didn't take it seriously and was interested in the other side.

“If you imagine that senior Amy will become an officer, she must be very popular in the unit. To be honest, her senior’s cute looks and her soldiers don’t match.”

“Ho-ho-ho! That's because you don't know Amy's personality. I think it would fit rather well, right? And Sirone, don't worry too much. Wizards don't use swords on the battlefield anyway, and snipers tend to focus on espionage warfare anyway. It's cool when you think about it, right? Beauty spy agent Amy.”

“Haha, that’s also true.” 

Sirone stopped thinking there.

It's true that I'm worried, but I wonder if a gifted child who has never missed first place in school made this decision on her own.

It occurred to me that worrying excessively about the decision made by the person concerned would rather undermine Amy's self-esteem.

When the theory class was over and it was time for practice in the Spirit Zone, the students rose from their seats.

Since the practice is supposed to train with the same class, Sirone also parted ways with Mark and Seriel and headed to the place where the students of Class Five were gathered.

Class Five was the class with the largest number of people of the same age in the advanced class, and Sirone's age was exactly included in the average cutoff.

Although it burns with a sense of rivalry during exams, it was also a class where you could forget the competition and laugh and talk.

Thanks to this, Sirone was also able to train Spirit Zone while paying less attention than other classes.

My classmates talked without hesitation when necessary, and when I felt a little bored, I went to other friends and chatted.

“Sirone, today it is burning brightly. If it's okay, let's do it together."

Nade from Class 5 came to talk to me.

A mischievous face with waving light green hair.

He was a broad-minded boy with a cheerful personality and good sociability as well as his appearance, so he couldn't see anyone being left out of the group.

Magic resembles his personality, and his grades were exceptionally good at, and there were no subjects he was bad at.

The only unique thing was that he could use electricity magic, which was quite rare among the various magic systems.

'Electricity... … . It's similar to light, but it's another field.'

The importance of omnipotence and omnipotence is classified differently depending on which attributes one learns.

For example, if light magic is omnipotent rather than omnipotent, ice magic is dependent on battery capacity.

In that way, electric magic was an impossible field unless battery and omnipotence were balanced in a 5:5 ratio.

'Perhaps this also resembles a personality.'

At first, Sirone thought so, but when he came up to Class 5 and listened to the story, there was a different inside story.

Nade's dream is to become a magic engineer, not a wizard.

Since he was a child, his understanding of electricity and omnipotence naturally increased thanks to his steady handling of electricity, and thanks to that, he had no problems using electric magic even after entering magic school.

“Okay, let’s do it together. Then four ways... … .”

“By the way, senior Amy, what would your personality be like if you met her in person? Just a feminine personality?”

When Sirone allowed it, Nade put off practice and immediately brought up a topic for conversation.

'I knew it would be like this.'

He was a friend who had a knack for bringing people together, and if there was even a small story, the students would find him unconditionally.

As if to prove it, two students from Class Five walked towards us while arguing.

"Oh really! Because that's not it! Why the hell can't you understand what I'm saying?”

“So I'm telling you! That's not what's really important! I've felt it for a long time, but it's a really strange personality.”

Seeing the two approaching each other while pointing fingers, Sirone made a blank expression.

Judging by the rising voice, I wondered if they were having an in-depth discussion about magic.

“Oh! Great! Sironade, listen to me.”

The students of Class 5 called Sirone and Nade together when they were together, and as soon as they arrived, they pointed at themselves and confided.

---------------------------------------