[56] Gage Symmetry (2)

“Aren’t you wearing them today?”

"uh. Stretch your back a little more.”

"like this?"

“Oh, like that. Raise your legs slightly. Yes, it is.”

The three faces turned red. Of course, since they are adults, affection between men and women is something that can work. But it was an affair. Shiina's career as a teacher was over when it became known to the school.

“Then shall we begin? You can't move.”

"don't worry. You've held up well until now.”

Nade looked back at his friends with an angry face. Sirone and Iruki, guessing what he was trying to do, also nodded.

Love has no borders, but considering the feelings of a wife who lost her husband, it was right to end here.

Nade's hand on the doorknob was shaking. If I wait a little longer, I will be able to complete the on-site verification, but I didn't want to see that kind of teacher I respected.

The doorknob turned wildly and the three of them stormed into the room without saying who was first.

“You bastard! Shiina-sensei! What a disappointment!”

Nade's cry was buried in the silence. 

Sirone and Iruki, who were preparing to close their eyes, looked blankly at the scenery in the room, which was completely different from what they had imagined.

Shiina, who was sitting on the bed, turned to the door. Opposite her was a large canvas. 

"uh? uh?"

Sirone and the others only opened their mouths like fish. A thought crossed everyone's mind. It was an event in which great misunderstandings, misunderstandings, and distortions occurred at the same time.

"what? How are you guys... … ?”

Even Shiina was surprised. Her face flushed red as her students suddenly entered her private seat. But she was ashamed for a moment and soon frowned.

“Are you following me?”

"yes? no, that's it As for what happened, we were just sitting in the park and idly idly by. But Shiina-sensei suddenly passed by. so… … .”

"It's not like I was tailing you after all!"

“Hee! sorry!"

Sirone and the others shrank their heads at the same time. According to her personality, she wouldn't end up with just a fire order. However, contrary to expectations, no more sparks fell. She gently opened her eyes to see Shiina, who was lost in thought.

'How the hell did you follow me?'

I paid as much attention as possible and was wary of my surroundings. She didn't go into the Spirit Zone, but her eyes weren't so clumsy that she was only followed by students.

“What are you hiding behind? Give it here.”

Nade shook his head with a frightened expression. However, when something like murder came out of Shiina's eyes, she hurriedly held out her cloak. Fiercely snatching it up, Shiina made a puzzled expression when she saw her missing arm. As she looped around her waist like her skirt, she became a figure cut from her waist this time.

“Nade. Is this the patented product you are proud of?”

"yes."

“You mean you really made it?”

“Ha, but not on the black market! I have that kind of conscience.”

“Whoa.”

At Shiina's sigh, the three of them' shoulders trembled. But she didn't nag her anymore. As a certified 6th-class wizard, being followed by her was more due to her own immaturity than her students' fault.

“Then why did you come into this room? Knowing you'd be caught out? What else did you mean by disappointment?”

Sirone said in a trembling voice.

“At first, I followed him as a joke, but when I saw the teacher hugging a man, I followed him. She overhears a conversation outside the door and thinks he's cheating on her... … .”

"what? Wealth, affair?”

Shiina's face turned red like a carrot. It was the first time she had seen her so flustered.

“Affair! How do you look at me and say that!”

Ned did not hesitate to accept it.

“But it is! How can you not be misunderstood after hearing such a conversation? To take off her clothes, to put her in this position. Who the hell is that person?”

Nade pointed to the man still hiding behind the canvas.

“You mean that?”

A warm voice followed by a squeaking sound from the chair. After a while, a man appeared over the canvas.

Sirone and the others put on a blank expression. He was a handsome man in his late twenties with waist-length blond hair. But the reason I was really surprised wasn't because I was good looking. I saw that the man's eyes were wrapped in shabby rags. he was blind He's angry too.

'what?'

Sirone's face turned pale. The paranormal feeling that I felt every night began to wrap my whole body again.

'Why are you doing this? When it's like this. I've never been like this during the day.'

The fluff stood up and the bones seemed to freeze. Nade, who felt a sense of responsibility as he grabbed her trembling wrist and took a long, deep breath, said while patting her back.

“Hey, Sirone? are you okay? don't worry too much Could it be that the teacher has to kill us?”

"huh? uh no I'm fine now.”

Sirone gradually regained a comfortable appearance. It was a tremendous chill that was incomparable to the usual portrait, but it also disappeared quickly.

“Shina, please stop and forgive me. I don't know what's going on, but they look like the students you teach.”

"What are you talking about? So I can't be more forgiving. It's tailing. Even so, he said he trespassed on someone else's house. Anyway, I only learned the bad things.”

The man smiled benevolently.

“But he is your disciple. With the teacher at home, she must have thought it was okay.”

Seizing an opportunity for conversion, Nade intervened.

"haha! We actually thought so too. It's real. Sirone doesn't lie, so ask him. If it was someone else's house, I would never have entered it. We are not petty thieves.”

Sirone also nodded his head. 

"that's right. Nade really told me that. I definitely heard.”

Shiina shook her head as if she was in trouble. It was even hateful to see her twinkle in her innocent eyes, saying that she would try to live somehow.

'How could such naive bastards do such a thing? Anyway, the clever ones... … .'

It was absolutely not something to say after following a teacher while hiding with an invisibility cloak and entering someone else's house by unlocking it.

Despite the situation, the man was only smiling. More than anything else, he was happy to see Shiina's pupil.

“My name is Armin. Since childhood, Shiinawa has been like her brother and sister. I also studied at the Olipher School.”

When Armin held out his hand, Nade quickly took it.

“Aha, that’s right. We apologize for our stupid misunderstanding. I'm sorry for suddenly visiting without any notice.”

Shiina shouted ferociously.

“It's trespassing! Are you trying to turn this into a sneaky visit?”

"lol. That's why I said I'm sorry. To be honest, we are also happy that the misunderstanding about Shiina-sensei has been resolved.”

“I’m sorry, sir. I made a strange misunderstanding.”

Shiina put her hand on her hip and sighed. It was awkward for her to run into her students in her private place, so her silence continued for a while.

“Let’s sit down and talk. I'll get out of the car.”

Armin quickly moved away. When the blind man walked out of the door with a precise gait, Sirone and the others could not help but be surprised again.

“Sir, who is that? And what do you mean by taking off your clothes? You just misunderstood because of that.”

Shiina shook her head as if her suspicions were unfounded.

“Armin oppa is my classmate. He is also the one who was expected to be the greatest genius in the history of the Olivier School. He has become a painter now, but from a young age his talent was far superior to mine.”

“You were a great person. But I don't know if it's okay to ask this question, but why are the eyes... … ?”

As Shiina's face darkened, Nade frowned as if he had asked a pointless question. Fortunately, however, she quickly eased her expression and spoke her words calmly.

“My brother lost an eye to save me.”

"yes? Is it because of the teacher?”

“Around the age of 9, I fell into an overflow. As I vaguely came to know the logic of the world, I became afraid of everything. I think I cried every day. Even thinking about it now, it was a terrible pain.”

Shiina smiled bitterly.

“The person who saved me was Armin oppa. You led me out of the darkness into the light. At that time, Armin oppa was 11 years old.”

Even though I was 11 years old, I was still a child. However, the fact that she saved Shiina from the overflow was a testament to how talented Armin was.

“I guess you overcame the overflow with Armin’s advice.”

Shiina shook her head.

"no. I wasn't that strong a kid. He was a arrogant little boy who enjoyed privileges just because he belonged to the Olifer family. I hated her brother at the time. He always used to talk to me like a habit. Whatever comes your way, don't turn your eyes away from it. I got annoyed every time that happened. You close your eyes because you're scared. I can't stand it, so I have no choice but to run away. Whoops. Come to think of it, I was such an idiot back then.”

Sirone couldn't imagine Shiina, a certified 6th-class magician, crying in fear.

“Then how did you overcome the overflow?”

“I didn’t like seeing Armin oppa, so I used to go out to the mountains, fields, or riverside. Armin found me easily, but each time I ran away again. One day when the tag team continued... … The incident happened.”

Shiina frowned in pain.

“Because it was the rainy season, it rained for several days. Even on such a bad day, I was walking around the river. If you think about it, maybe it just happened that way. Unfortunately , however, the dam blocking the upstream collapsed. I, who was downstream, was swept away by the river without knowing anything. It was a huge flood that submerged half of the village.”

Shiina recalled what happened 17 years ago.

He couldn't even scream and drowned in the river. When she struggled to live and die, it was a completely different scene from the riverside she was already at. Building debris and livestock floated upstream, and sharp broken trees floated downstream.

For the first time in her life, Shiina tasted the fear of death.

'Save me. who please... … !'

I know no one is coming. This place, far from the School, was somewhere between a stream and a swamp, where no one ventured. Although it is now a river, no one would have thought that a little girl would be here.

The water quickly washed away. The land seemed so far away that it was impossible to cross the river. The stream, which had been used to pick up pebbles, had turned into a large torrent with a width of 25 meters. The color of the water was dark, and numerous swirls were created as the current split against the rocks.

“Save people! Someone please save me!”

For the first time in her life, Shiina showed her servility. Her pride in being the only daughter of Olifer, a Continental Ten Great School, lost her authority in the face of Mother Nature's forces. No matter her natural talent, she could not overcome the raging river. All she could do was cry for help.

“Shina!”

As if hearing a revelation from God, Shiina raised her head with all her might. Armin was waiting for him on a tree branch that bent precariously over the river.

"brother! brother!"

“Reach out your hand!”

Armin held out his hand near the surface. The moment Shiina tried to hold that hand, she was swept away by a sudden wave of stones and she was submerged in the water.

“Shina!”

When Shiina reappeared, it was not her face, but her two legs. Armin got it without delay. He quickly submerged in the rapids, grabbed Shiina, and pulled her face to the surface. Shiina, who drank the water, was insane.

“Puha! Pooh!”

“Shina! Wake! We have to get out of the river!”

“Say, live! help me!"

The vortex zone was out of the way, but tougher obstacles awaited. Armin expanded the spirit zone to avoid obstacles. It was the only way the 11-year-old could do it.

---------------------------------------