[363] Magic Association (9)

Sirone blindly swung the blade and continued the offensive. Gaold, who was calmly dodging the attacks one by one, raised the corners of his mouth.

'That's correct. You got the first one right.'

Sirone isn't sparing her magic, she's not using it. Gaold only had one chance to attack. However, that once would kill Sirone with a probability close to 100%.

'No attack magic! First of all, I have to block it unconditionally!'

If Gaold was sincere, there was no way he would wait for Ataraxia to be completed. must die before that. Therefore, all attacks were in vain. Instead, he focused all his attention on Gaold's reaction.

'When? When is it?'

Time-sharing can complete two batteries at the same time, but there was no room to mount Photon Cannons in the remaining slots except for Ataraxia. Air guns should be avoided. Failure would only result in death.

'… … I'm sure you're thinking.'

It sounded like he could hear Sirone's head rolling.

Of course, this is your best decision. If there was one misjudgment, it was that I thought the power and speed of the air gun would be the same as before.

'Did you really think you could stop it? If that's the case, it's a bit unfortunate.'

Gaold had no intention of looking after Sirone's circumstances. He gave me two chances, and even set a rule so that only one counterattack was allowed. With this level of balance, the matter of life and death is entirely up to Sirone. What if you still can't win? What can I do, he must die.

Right before Ataraxia was completed, Gaold held out his finger.

'Goodbye, Sirone.'

At the same time, Armand, who had been waiting to respond to only one response, hit the ground with his tentacles and retreated.

But even that was already within Gaold's expected range.

'This will be on a different level.'

Gaold fired the air gun as soon as he compressed the air without giving him the same leeway as before. There was a sound like metal breaking, and air bullets flew at great speed.

Sirone couldn't see, couldn't feel. That is the limit of humans who cannot open their schema. But he had another way out: imagination.

It was Lee Ji-seonda’s choice that was designed in advance. If Gaold attacks before Ataraxia is completed, it means he will kill himself. Therefore, there was only one area to defend.

'Amgu!'

A black sphere was born in front of Sirone's face. It was a magic that could not be reached even through the Behemoth's forced rebound, but a small-scale gravity field was generated when it was over-faced with the power of transcendence.

The air gun that had been flying towards my forehead was sucked into the darkness with a hiss.

He had a record of eating a ton of plants in Khazra, but Gaold's air gun was on a different level. The black orb, unable to handle the energy, exploded in front of Sirone's eyes, creating a shock wave.

“Keugh!”

Armand's robe hardened in an instant to protect the owner. Blown away by the shock, Sirone jumped to the side, sticking his tentacles into the ground. Ataraxia, which had been completed before I knew it, was emitting a brilliant light.

'Magic boost!'

Sirone held out both of her hands and focused on the two magic power amplifiers in her palms. As the powerful Photon Cannon was born, it created small bubbles of light like water droplets around it.

'Immortal function here!'

The photon cannon rapidly expanded, pushing air in all directions. As the golden light vibrated in a dizzying fashion, afterimages formed on the retinas of those watching.

'Beyond the mind!'

When the mass was given to the limit, the mass of photons the size of a human torso shook so intensely that it could be seen with the naked eye. The noise of the mass spinning wildly was louder than the sound of thunder.

Fleur's face went white.

According to the rules, Gaold can no longer attack Sirone. On the contrary, Sirone's Photon Cannon was so powerful that it couldn't be compared to the first cast.

'How can light be compressed that much?'

Sirone frowned even more as if he was still not satisfied.

'A little more! little bit more… … !'

Anyway, Gaold can't attack himself. Dodge, block, or both. If so, you should make it impossible to avoid.

“Aaaaaaa!”

After pouring out everything available, a white orb reminiscent of a supernova was born. It is extremely amplified through ataraxia. Perhaps the entire bunker would be filled with energy.

Gaold muttered with a bitter smile.

“Damn it… … .”

Flash!

A huge wave of light pushed the entire radius.

Even Gangnan and the others standing behind Ataraxia turned their heads at the flash of light that burned their retinas. Even with my eyes closed, I could see the shape.

But Sirone could see. It was because Armand blocked 98 percent of the light entering the owner's eyes.

Then, a scene like deja vu unfolded before my eyes. The edge of the light quickly tightened, and the unimaginable atmospheric pressure trapped the energy of the Photon Cannon in the Bakum Press.

“Great!”

Gaold frowned and tightened the Bakum press even harder. As the energy finally stabilized, it gathered into an orb of light smaller than the palm of my hand.

Sirone was stunned.

'That person... … Are you really human?'

Gaold crouched like a beast, arms hanging down. His hair was bleached white without a single strand left. As he clenched his fists, the Bakum Press exploded and the Photon Cannons dissipated.

“Whoa. It was close.”

Sirone was not the only one surprised. Neither Flew nor Gando had ever seen Old's hair bleached while assisting him.

Gaold stayed bent over for a long time. Then he turned to Shirone and smiled his eyes.

“… … Passed.”

“I passed out already.”

Kang Nan raised his glasses and entered the middle of the bunker.

Sirone was lying on the floor as if dead. Now, I don't lose my mind to the extent that I made full use of Ataraxia, but anyone can see that this demonstration was the best shot.

“Geuk, you completely squeezed it out. well, good.”

Gaold brushed off his tingling arm a couple of times, then picked up the cord that had fallen on the floor and slung it over his shoulder.

Gangnan stared at Gaold's hair, which had been leaking white. The Bakum press this time meant that Gaold was also sincere. so it's passable

“You dye your hair. I'm already worn out, but I look older."

"Leave it alone. will grow again Are you saying it’s fashionable to bleach your hair these days?”

“I heard that. But the face of the president of the association is not fashionable.”

“Hahaha!”

Raising his head and laughing heartily, Gaold headed for the elevator.

He pressed the button and turned to Fleur.

“Hey, kid.”

"yes yes!"

Flew, very nervous, responded, taking a posture.

I thought I knew a lot about Gaold during the two years I lived there, but I was wrong. Did he ever know that Old was not real?

Gaold pointed at the fallen Sirone with his chin and said.

“Take it and eat it. When you wake up, go to my room.”

"yes! All right!"

That was all Gaold showed interest in Flew.

Flew looked at him sadly.

Crying, pouring tears and snot, shouting that I respect you. She was her biggest courage in her entire life. But she did not seem to arouse any emotion in Garold. No, maybe she had already been erased from her memory.

“Flu.”

Gando put his hand on Fleur's shoulder and said.

“I won’t take Sirone.”

“Oh, no. Of course I have to.”

“Men are heavy. If you go up to the first floor, you can't even use magic.”

Gando went into the bunker, put Sirone's arm on her, and lifted her up. Then he skillfully turned his body back and put him on his back.

Gando's voice reached Fleur's ears after watching for a long time.

“That was great, Fleur.”

It didn't take long for Gando's words to be understood in his head. A thin smile was engraved on Plu's lips as he looked at Gando with teary eyes.

"thank you."

worst project (1)

Sirone opened her eyes. Her head throbbed for a moment, but then she felt refreshed.

The place where he was lying was the recovery room of the Magic Association. The capsule, large enough for one adult, had a glass ceiling and soft cushions.

Sirone blinked a few times before the glass ceiling swung to the side. Flew's shabby face came through the narrow field of vision.

"how is it? Are you okay?”

"Ah yes. What happened?”

“I lost consciousness in the bunker. It's because you cast magic forcibly. From next time, increase the density even if it means reducing the spirit zone. It will prevent brain overload.”

Fleur's voice was softer than before. It was awkward for her as a sirone, but she didn't show it because she read the sadness in her eyes.

"thank you."

Sirone raised his upper body.

The same capsules as the one he had been lying on were lined up. Most of the glass ceilings were open, but someone was sleeping in a corner.

Flew turned to him and said.

“It’s a duty officer. Sleep capsules increase mental activity. Don't push yourself too hard though. It is not omnipotent.”

Sirone got out of the capsule and stretched. Her head was clear as if she had been in a deep sleep.

“How much time has passed?”

"2 hours. Surprisingly quick recovery. I was expecting about six hours.”

Sirone, confident in her mental endurance, satisfactorily warmed up. Then he slowly turned his gaze to look at Fleur. Unlike a few hours ago, I felt a strange sense of distance.

"excuse me… … .”

"Follow me. The president of the association is looking for you.”

Before he could speak, Flew walked towards the exit. Sirone followed her to her platform. As she waited for her lift, she checked her floor number.

“I’m telling you in case you didn’t hear, but you passed.”

I had no time to listen to Gaold because I passed out immediately after casting the photon cannon. However, seeing Fleur's downcast appearance, he expected it to some extent.

"thank you."

“You don't have to thank me. You will go to heaven with the association president.”

Flew said what he knew.

Anyway, from now on Sirone would hear the highest level of secrecy that she would never have access to. She no longer had to watch her mouth.

“And we will be latecomers. Of course I am, but neither Gando nor Gaold can directly assist. It must be an operation of such a high level.”

Fleur turned to Sirone.

“I don't know exactly what you're trying to do. But Ga Old said it was a project he had dedicated his whole life to. If there are helpers, they'll be the best wizards, and that's why they'll be a small elite. You are included in it.”

Realizing what Fleur meant, Sirone felt apologetic. Being able to do something with someone as strong as Gaold was the highest honor as a wizard.

"sorry. I didn't mean to upset you."

Ataraxia is a secret technique that Sirone risked her life to learn. However, there were many wizards in the world who would throw away their lives as much as they could if they could raise their level. He was the reason why he couldn't just say he was handsome.

Flew smiled and shook his head.

To be honest, I ignored Sirone with the same thoughts. It was a blow to her pride that she was chosen by an old man with a magic she had obtained from someone else.

However, after watching him fight Gaold in the bunker, his thoughts changed. Flo also could die for Old, but he didn't have the guts to risk his life like Sirone.

“Don't think like that. Because you deserve the approval of the association president.”

Hearing this from Flew was different from hearing it from anyone else. It was a short time, but the time when the shooter and the assistant shooter passed by like a kaleidoscope.

Sensing Sirone's sweet eyes, Fleur stepped back with a disgusted expression. Her hastily regaining her former form, she pointed her finger as if striking an enemy force penetrating her defenses.

“But it's still a long way off! I acknowledge the power of Ataraxia, but I need to refine it further to compensate for the risk. A real wizard must be able to respond to numerous anomalies.”

Sirone did not listen. Flew's ability to subdue the vampires in Gold City was certainly outstanding enough to deserve the magic association's employee card around his neck.

"yes. I'll work hard, senior."

"joy!"

The elevator door opened with a clear electronic sound.

---------------------------------------