[387] One Man Team (3)

As the monsters in the sky, ground, and underground were wiped out almost simultaneously, a guide voice came from number 2,000.

“Whoa.”

Wiping the sweat from her forehead, Sirone looked back at the display board.

"wow! Did it turn out well?”

Group 5's name was ranked in second place. The first place belonged to Group 2, to which Fermi belonged.

Team 2 takes 3 minutes and 15 seconds.

It was disappointing to lose by only 13 seconds, but considering that all of the 2nd group were Fermi and the others, it was a good result.

'Well, we're an instant party.'

The closer was a bad look.

“Sheesh, Fermiya again? How do they go up in rank together?”

said Dante.

“You have to see that he has a lot of skill in score management. Anyway, second place in the group isn't bad. That's why it's in the top 10 overall. If you make it to the top 10 for each evaluation, you will eventually graduate.”

Dante was satisfied that a group of three who had never worked together came in second place. In terms of party contribution, it could be seen that everyone scored 1 point.

Iruki was thinking the same thing. However, in his case, it was a little more specific.

'If this was a graduation test, Dante 1.01, Closer 0.99, Sirone 1, Canis 1.02, I'd say 0.98.'

The best player in Group 5 was Kanis by a narrow margin. It was great that he single-handedly annihilated the monsters underground.

'To increase party contribution, it's important to choose the right enemy. The gap will widen even more in the graduation exam.'

In the meantime, Group 1 was listed as 3rd. The time gap widened slightly and was 4 minutes and 18 seconds.

“Anyway, let’s go down. I want to see the other groups too.”

Dante went down two thousand times with his crew. And immediately dismissed Joe.

“Sirone, good job. Iruki and Kanis too.”

Sirone also greeted in a good mood.

“Yes, you suffered too. Let’s do it again next time if we have a chance.”

The 4th place was decided, and the 5th place completed the annihilation mission. Each record is 4 minutes and 24 seconds. 4 minutes 28 seconds.

“Wow, this week has been very short.”

Although Sirone took second place in the group, the party was lucky because the monsters were not yet high in tier.

Considering that, the skills of the other groups were not easy.

Iruki said.

“There is a high possibility that this trend will continue until Tier 8. It's hard to deal with them alone, but mages become incredibly strong when they're together. Of course, this is also possible because this is a school.”

At the magic school, everyone you meet is a magician, but even the 30 graduating class are high-class personnel who are scattered all over the world once they graduate.

Since they accounted for less than 0.0001% of the population, at least the Royal Guard, Capital Guard, and Border Guard had to have wizards in unit units.

In fact, even third-rate wizards from guild to guild, if about 20 people gather, the firepower is terrifying.

This is because if you shoot one fireball every 10 seconds, it means that you will hit 1.200 fireballs in 10 minutes by simple calculation.

Even such wizards are expensive, so there are few requests that pay off when 20 people gather.

Even if there is, it will go back to a high-ranking wizard.

There are exceptional cases of terrorism, but in front of the public power called the red line, they were just mice in front of the cat.

The combat power of the official red line, that is, the authorized wizard unit, is different from that of third-class wizards.

When monsters other than the tier, for example, demons appear, the Magic Association organizes a large elite party consisting of official 4th to 6th grades under the king's approval, which is called a 'cage'.

In other words, it means to put them in cages and beat them, and it is known that when 20 or so wizards who are considered the best in their respective fields gather, they will pull out enough power to describe it as a walking corps.

Since the number of 3rd-class wizards is drastically reduced even across the entire continent, experts view Cage as the strongest party unless a global catastrophe strikes.

'If I go out into society, I'm sure there won't be a party with so many different people. Let's learn a lot from this opportunity.'

Two thousand times the operation stopped.

“Article 4 evaluation complete. The 4th group that performed the mission last will receive 0 points.”

Sirone looked at Team 4 with a sad feeling. All of a sudden, I thought the group that Amy belongs to would be in last place.

'As expected, balance is important. Even though I have a great dealer named Amy, I can't do it.'

Group 4 could not hide its bitter expression.

It was not a situation where anyone could point out and say that they were wrong.

In fact, they overran the enemy camp with flashy and colorful attacks, starting with the Screamer. It's just that it took longer to annihilate than the other groups because the balance wasn't right.

'I should have gotten the buff instead.'

Amy regretted that.

The magician's deadly strategy gives one person a fighting power that cannot be handled in the same class, but the mission of the 6th week was annihilation.

We had no choice but to reveal our weaknesses in missions that required detail to ensure the team came together to eliminate enemies.

'I can't do anything. I should aim for next week.'

Amy coolly accepted the zero. Anyway, the manager was a stubborn screamer and had no choice but to follow his advice.

If you don't understand, you can raise the rank and promote it. It was the rule of the graduating class with no room for excuses.

'Oh really. I'm going crazy from annoyance.'

On the other hand, the screamer couldn't accept the result.

Even so, how do you get last place? Even in his graduating class last year, he was the one who never got a zero in strategy tactics.

'It's all because of you.'

The screamer shouted at Maya, unable to contain his rage right before the explosion.

“You idiot!”

The students turned to the screamer at the unheard-of shout in the graduating class of the Magic School.

If the team lost, there is no need to consider individual capabilities. But it's already been weeks since her evaluation of strategy and tactics has been ruined because of her.

As the screamer strode forward, Maya's eyebrows rose to her arms and her expression hardened.

“Because of you, the monsters have become more violent!”

The riotous rhyme induces anxiety.

It is a magic that is strategically helpful, but in the case of annihilation, it took more time because the enemies were rampaging.

“No, it wasn’t that they became violent, but a commotion… … .”

"shut up! On the topic of making pig-picking noises! You call it sonic magic? What are you going to do now?”

Maya put on a sad expression and then lowered her head.

"Sorry… … .”

No one stopped the screamer.

Maya is not good at sound magic, and Screamer is the second-ranked graduate. For her, stepping out and arguing with him could have bad consequences for her future schedule.

“What the hell are you doing? If you've been in your senior year longer than me, shouldn't you have some experience? Are you just saying that? If Warwolf appeared, the answer wouldn’t come out right?”

"Sorry. sorry… … .”

Maya only repeated her apologies. There was nothing she could do other than that.

“Anyway, commoners are not allowed. If you don't have the talent, drop out or drop out. It's not a nuisance to other people because you're holding on so badly that you'll try to get your share as a wizard.”

Maya's shoulders trembled. Tears dripped down her face, hidden by her hair.

'You were a commoner, Maya... … .'

Sirone glared at the screamer.

It was the first time I had heard that Maya was a commoner, but that didn't matter. To demean someone else's major by calling it a pig-picking sound.

Maya's voice was rather pure compared to combative sound magic, so it had a feeling that it was less effective.

It is a personal attack. It was a saying she would never have heard if she wasn't fat.

"sorry… … Black! Sorry… … .”

The screamer got even more annoyed.

You're a wizard who swears because you've been cursed at. Even in the graduating class.

It's an evaluation of everyone's life. But aren't you putting yourself out there as the bad guy?

“Okay, get off! And I beg you, if you don't have the skills, please go down voluntarily. Wouldn’t you feel sorry for others if you were lucky enough to get a little higher in the rankings?”

The screamer turned coldly and walked away. Sirone called after him.

"hey."

The screamer turned around and raised his chin.

"what?"

“I apologize to Maya.”

The screamer's eyes turned to bewilderment.

There was no reason to apologize, and meddling in this way was never wise in the senior class.

'Look at this kid? Am I going to stop saying I was filmed by Fermi?'

Even when Sirone announced his immediate death, Screamer snorted.

Magic or something, things that would all fall to their knees if they were split with one touch from the outside are attacking inside the school.

'No, is it a good thing?'

Screamers are never stupid. His stock price would go up if he crushed Sirone, who had passed the 7th stage of survival evaluation.

'Should I stab him once?'

Screamer was determined and scratched Sirone.

“Come to think of it, you were also a commoner, right? No, was it royalty? Ah, I thought I was a member of the royal family, but I ended up being a commoner again. ha ha ha!"

It had already been several months since I had gone to Kazura, so the students accepted it as an established fact that Sirone was a commoner.

“It doesn’t matter if you are a commoner or not. I cancel everything I said to Maya and sincerely apologize.”

"Nope? Why should you? I did my share. It's Maya's fault for coming last."

“No, it is a joint responsibility. And if one person must be held responsible, you are the leader.”

“What nonsense are you talking about? Don't you know the party contribution? Are you saying you know how many monsters I've killed?"

Nade interrupted the conversation.

“Isn’t it embarrassing to shout out loud about an inappropriate subject?”

The screamer's face flushed with anger. Sirone wasn't enough, and now even flying flies were being seduced.

Iruki added a word.

“He’s the main dealer, but there’s not much difference between him and the sub dealer, right? Do you think the bookmaker's deadly strategy is suitable for an annihilation operation? In the end, the fact that 0 points came out is a misjudgment by the leader.”

The screamer frowned.

“The third person talks a lot. I was right. There was just a hole in the team. He said that since he was wearing Maya anyway, he had no choice but to go ahead with the adventure. Who evaluates just to get 1 or 2 points? Even I raised my contribution to 1.4.”

“That is your limit. The fact that you thought about the contribution to the party before the results came out is proof that you don't trust your teammates. Maya is also a formal graduating class. She must have had any number of ways to score her, including her.”

"ha ha ha! okay? If you had been in Group 4 instead of me, would you have said that?”

"of course. If I had been the leader, I would have been at least in the top three.”

"ha."

The screamer let out a sigh.

This is why I don't like rookies. Guys who talk as they come out even though they haven't experienced it.

Maya is incorrigible. Aside from her skills, she was never in her character to be a wizard.

“Can you get a high score with Maya? Do you really think that is possible?”

said Amy.

“It must have been at least higher than a team with a leader like you.”

Screamer looked back. Amy crossed her arms and flicked her toes.

“Are you talking to me just now?”

It is the standard of the senior class to avoid conflicts with competitors who may collide in the future.

This is because there is no need to benefit others by getting caught up in useless wars of attrition.

Of course, Amy knew it well. No, she was feeling bad as she was eliminated last year.

But this year will be different. Unlike Seriel, who was wary of harming each other, she now has an ally she can trust and entrust everything to.

Amy took a quick step. Iruki and Nade gave up their seats with a grim expression. Confidence increased even more in the support fire of comrades rather than strategic alliances.

---------------------------------------