twilight (1)

'Is it still far?'

With a gigantic size spanning from galaxy to galaxy, Ymir was lost in thought.

It's so huge that it's farther than light, and even the blink of an eye can exceed the speed of light... … .

There is no gravity.

'That's the problem.'

The result of unlocking the ability of the giant to the end to prevent the neck and limbs from being torn.

'Even the smallest particle that can be called matter has been cut off. It is difficult to give strength in this state.'

It can be done nonetheless.

As long as the 10 billion Gaian Ultima define him as Ymir.

“Big!”

Little by little, strength began to enter certain parts of the body that were only made up of signals.

'Something like a planet... …

The power-defining signal spread over 30 percent of the body, but escape was far off.

'Damn it. Take it, take it.' The moment it touches the signal of power, the pentagram planet will crumble like dust.

'I only need to break one.'

So 30 percent is a realistic number.

“Quack.”

Like a miracle, it may be released now, or it may take longer.

'wait.'

That, too, would have been in the not-too-distant future.

It has been three years since I started living in the world of dreams created by Louver.

That was their idea, of course. Sirone was still looking at the sea, and the days when Gaold and the others came were rare.

The only thing that has changed lately is that her hair has grown little by little and become longer.

At that time, Gaold's party had a heated discussion, but they couldn't find a satisfactory answer.

Louver said:

“Growing my hair must mean that I have begun to accept the time of my dreams. But still not sleeping or eating. Nobody knows. No one will know what state Oh Dae-sung is in.”

Maybe even Sirone herself. Only the sound of waves repeated every second seemed to tell Sirone a story.

and at some point

"ah??????

Sirone's mouth opened again after 3 years.

Gauld and his party, who were engaged in their livelihood, were not here, but Louver was astonished to faint.

Monga shouted.

“Did you hear? A little while ago, Oh Dae-sung... … !”

" Shh."

Sirone got up from her seat and moved slowly, pointing at the vast sea.

“Ymir… …

Louver followed Sirone's fingertips with his gaze.

People in dozens of small boats were rowing their way to land.

"Unbelievable."

The 1.5th floor created by Mongols is impossible to penetrate even if you are the owner of the spirit.

Mongah's voice trembled.

"no way… … is it pierced? There are 100 people.”

“It seems so.”

What Louver overlooked was that the owner of the dream was Ymir, who had an Ultima.

“We need to get away quickly!”

Louver shook his head without taking his eyes off the sea.

"calm down. It is true that the boundary of the 1.5th floor was breached, but Ymir did not enter. Even an Ultima cannot infiltrate the minds of others at will.”

“But why?”

"but… … The intensity of persuasion is enormous.”

When 10 billion people vote in favor, can the remaining one resolutely say 'no'?

“But Louver-sama is also strong.”

"okay. that's the result It seems I was persuaded by a very minute difference.”

Only then did Mong-a's eyes change.

“What is the mechanism of persuasion?”

"sympathy. It's about acknowledging and accepting this world. 10 billion people passed the bill... …

“That’s 100 people who came in.”

It was I per 100 million Ultima, but it was undeniable that the 1.5th floor had been breached.

“Let’s go and see.”

As Louver headed toward the sea, 100 Asians in pigtails landed on the beach.

leader instructed.

“Find out the number of people.”

“We currently have 100 people. A total of 132 people dropped out.”

Louver asked.

“Who are you?”

The leader said as he walked out on the sandy beach.

“We are the Tamo organization. Traveling the world trafficking weapons. I lost my men because the ship was wrecked.”

'wreck.'

It was a system parameter.

“Looks like a good place to live. I can get my share right.”

Louver's eyes narrowed.

'They are the ones who compromised with my world, so they won't be able to install it as they please. But that gait is definitely... …

It was a combat program.

'If they expand their power, do you mean they can destroy this world from within?'

Deep is the realm of the unconscious, and Ymir's instinct seemed to know how to win.

Louver, who was watching the Tamo organization enter the city, finally looked at Sirone.

“See you in three years. how are you?"

There was no answer.

'also… … There is still no will to deep thought. But this is definitely a trigger.'

The proof was that he moved his body.

'To accept this world more. From now on, you will have to eat. They'll age too.'

Sirone may have known.

'Ymir's mind has been invaded. The world created by the compromise of everyone in the party has cracks.'

compromise is broken

'In a word, I'm not satisfied. The change of the five saints is also a response to him.'

Because change comes from dissatisfaction.

Therefore, as the power of the Tamo organization grew, Sirone and the others would awaken more.

“Oh Dae-sung, would you like to go home? If you like the sea, you can stay here.”

"no."

There will be no need to cling to the sea any longer.

“Go home.”

3 months later.

Sirone was entrusted to Sein's house.

“Oh Dae-seong threw himself into the open sea. It drifts endlessly and waits for something to arrive. Please watch with patience.”

Those were Louver's words.

Sein, an architect, worked mainly from home, while Miro went to school.

“It’s cheap, it’s cheap.”

And Gaold was selling the fish Gangnan caught from the sea at the market.

His place of work was where a maze-like path stretched under a building built like a fortress.

“Buy freshly caught fish.”

Gaold, who was watching people pass by under the murky neon sign, slammed his cleaver.

“Patience. There are no guests.” I smoked a cigarette and lit a light, but I heard a familiar voice from under the aquarium.

“It is because I smoke. Which customer buys fish prepared by smoking hands?”

It was Miro, now twelve years old.

His bright face still gave the impression of being young, but he was tall and his chest was quite prominent.

“Where are you looking?”

Ga Old, who sucked in a cigarette with tired eyes, said while spitting out the smoke.

"why? Can't I see it?"

"what? Are you sane?”

Gaold chuckled.

“You know it because you heard it from your father. Not here, but in another world, it was like that with you and me, right?”

Miro stuck out her tongue.

“Who do you think would believe that? Sirone oppa didn't say anything'?”

Gaol?d smiled bitterly.

Why did Miro want to live in this world without all his memories?

“And you don’t like that man? We're over 30 years apart, but we're talking about strange things. Ugh, gross.”

Still, Miro visited the store every day.

“Take some meat. That guy, I don’t know if he serves the rice properly.”

As Gaold smoked a cigarette and cut off the head of the fish, a shadow fell over the chopping board.

“Hey, how’s the business going?”

Gaold only raised his eyes in that state.

'Tamo organization.'

It was a gang that came into the city three months ago and took control of shops in the alleys before anyone knew it.

“Can’t you see?”

Let's hand over the currency. When the organization member counts the money

said.

"know? Stores that have joined the merchant union will receive a 10% increase starting this month.”

“Don’t do that. plaguy… … In a store that is not doing business

Giving 10 percent more was a big blow.

"know. It just means be careful.” The gang member stuffed the money into his pocket and pinched Miro's cheek hard as he left.

"ouch! wanna die!"

"haha! Do you like it very much? Growing up, I'm going to walk around with a lot of men.”

“That… …

Gaold dried.

“Arthur. You can't even pick out a bone if you rush at it. Get this and go home. Dad will wait.”

“Aren’t you angry, uncle? Giving half the price of the fish that Aunt Gangnan worked so hard to catch?”

“There is a world that you do not know about.”

If you go into the dark alleys of the market, there are many shops without even signboards.

'Arms smuggling site.'

Even if you rob one place, the merchant union would be able to get a weapon to fight.

“Uncle, peck! fool!"

As Miro ran down the alleyway, Gaold extinguished the cigarette in his hand at the fish's eye.

“… … Who is not?”

Dreams and reality, no matter which one is real, if you dig a well, you will be able to achieve something.

'I don't know.'

Gaold was still lost on the line between reality and dreams.

'It's not my fault.'

Prior to the arrival of the Tamo organization, all that was perceived as a dream was the world of reality.

'I get headaches sometimes. The events of reality penetrate into my head like a shove. Furthermore… …

Even the emotions were vivid.

' maze.'

I want to hug you right now

If she hadn't looked like a twelve-year-old child, I wouldn't have been able to contain my emotions.

“… … I will be thrilled.”

"idiot! sea ​​anemone! fool!"

Miro, who came back to the house, slammed the door and shouted loudly.

"dad! I will avenge you!”

"plural?"

Sain, who was looking at the blueprints, took off his glasses and sat back in his chair.

“The Tamo Organization! They ignored me!”

“I told you not to go to the store. It is not a place for children to play.”

Sain held out his hand to take the fish, but Miro threw it into the trash can.

Arius licked his lips with regret.

ok

“Don’t eat this. That man, he's trying to court me. How sinister are the eyes looking at me.”

"Things like that happen, too. Let's say what you say is true. But why do you go every day?”

"huh?"

Miro rolled her eyes and protested.

"that is… … What can I say? Do they look like teeth that are about to fall out? Even though I don't like it, I still want to touch it.”

Sein couldn't say anything.

"Oh right. I mean revenge. I have a good idea. I have done great things.”

Miro, who hastily changed her words, went into the room and brought a glass marble.

“What are you going to do?”

“Dad, look closely. You will be surprised.” Miro, sitting on the floor, held out her hands for her glass marbles that lay on her floor.

“Ugh, that’s not going well. again… …

Sae-in's eyes, who were just watching her daughter do it, suddenly opened wide.

"do! Dad, can you see this?”

The glass marbles hadn't even been touched, but they slowly began to rise into the air.

The feeling that this is not something we compromised penetrated Sein's mind.

"maze!"

"It's a surprise!"

The marble fell, and Sein, who ran to Miro, grabbed both of his shoulders and shook him.

“Where did you learn this? How did you do it?”

In all my 12 years of life, I had never seen a father with such a scary expression.

“I just… … Because it looks fun.”

"say!"

“Poetry, Sirone’s older brother taught me!” As soon as she finished speaking, Sain spurred her up the stairs and went to the attic on the second floor.

“Sirone! you… …

Sain froze in the open position, and Miro, who arrived late, looked up at the ceiling and smiled.

"wow."

All the objects in the room were floating in the air around Sirone, who closed her eyes.