[313] Causal Wheel (5)

Eliza's arsenic froze.

“Queen, I do not know what happened that day. The only thing he could see was a knife stuck in his son's bloodied stomach. I couldn't think of anything, and in the end I committed an unforgivable rudeness to the queen.”

Eliza gripped the arm of the chair tightly.

"joy! Shameless! Well, the commoners might say you're right! Because all they have is emotions! But I don't think so! You almost turned him into a pervert!”

"If it's Sirone's choice, I'll have to accept it."

“Should I accept it? That's a really convenient way of thinking. No, cowardly. Sirone tried to kill me. Are you saying I don't even have the right to criticize Sirone?”

“Parents have no right to do that.”

Eliza gritted her teeth and stood up. He was ready to beheaded at any moment.

Olina didn't care and continued talking with her eyes down.

“Parents only have a dozen or so years to teach their children not to do that.”

Eliza's head went blank. She wants to think about something, but she just sits in her chair with white thoughts.

“Queen, I have been by Sirone's side for 18 years. So now, no matter what my son does, everything is just my negligence. Please punish me.”

Parents have no right to reject their children's decisions. But you are given countless hours to avoid making that decision.

Tears welled up in Eliza's eyes. she didn't have her The moment she abandoned her child, her precious time was also gone.

Breaking the silence of the Grand Hall, the Royal Knights spoke.

“Your Highness, Sirone asks for an audience.”

Olina looked back at the door with a surprised expression.

Orkamp had also been told that they did not know when Sirone would regain consciousness. Thinking of something, he solemnly gave instructions.

“Stop by.”

A haggard-faced Sirone entered along the red carpet. In the back, Amy, Raina, and Vincent followed. After confirming that Olina was safe, Vincent let out a sigh of relief for her.

“Okay, what happened? Your complexion looks bad. If it's not urgent, we can talk after taking a break.”

Sirone saved the answer. As soon as he woke up, he had come running, so he didn't think he could raise his voice.

As he approached Orkamp as close as possible, he spoke directly.

"Right Now… … I will leave the castle.”

Amy, Reina, and their parents turned their heads in surprise.

Even when I insisted on meeting Orkamp as soon as I woke up, I did not expect that I would be notified of my return so quickly.

“I realized something after coming here. From this moment on, I have no parents other than my parents by my side.”

It was a promise that Sirone had pledged her whole life to. It was also her proclamation to sever all ties with her Kazura.

Orkamp, ​​who was lost in thought, opened his mouth.

“I allow it.”

This time, everyone's eyes turned to Orkamp.

However, he didn't show any emotion, as if he was already prepared. He just calmly made eye contact with Sirone.

“Reina-sister, prepare a wagon. I'll go back to my room and pack my stuff.”

As she passed through the Grand Hall, Sirone never looked back. I could see how much he hated this place.

Reina looked at Eliza. With Orkamp's permission gone, I was thinking of handing over Olina's case.

After saying goodbye with a gentle eye smile, Eliza's cold voice pierced her back as she was about to take the party and turn around.

“Where are you going? I know we still have some work to do.”

Olina frowned and turned around. Her heart raced honestly, but she didn't want to appear weak anymore.

“The reason I called you was because I couldn’t decide what punishment to give. I was going to order the death penalty, but it seemed that my anger would not go away. So, at first, I tried to make you blind by plucking out your eyeballs or mute by plucking out your tongue.”

Vincent's face turned red. If he did that, he would take Olina and run away, even if he had to bury his bones here.

“But even that wasn't enough. So I was thinking about it and it came to my mind. It was a really perfect punishment. as soon as… … .”

Everyone gulped and waited for the words to follow. Eliza studied their reactions with her sleepy eyes and continued her words.

“I’m just sending them away.”

“… … yes?"

Amy asked involuntarily. Other people were equally puzzled.

“If I do Hakoji, Sirone will only look at you for the rest of her life. that was embarrassing So I tried to send it. To live a life of balance between you and the real mother of the country's queen. Envy and be jealous of me until the moment she dies.”

Everyone is speechless. Regardless of the severity of the punishment, it was a venomous way of thinking.

Eliza, who had been spewing out terrifying murderous intentions, quickly put on a dejected expression and searched for herself.

“But, by the way, it really can’t be, but I thought I’d give it to you if you could convince me. and… … You won.”

The crumpled paper left Eliza's hand and rolled across the floor.

Olina picked it up and slowly unfolded it. It was an official letter from Orkamp and Sirone's paternity test results. She was the one who taught Syrone her writing, so she could read most of it except for the difficult terms.

He quickly skipped over complex experiments and focused on the most important results. Everyone's eyes turned to the official letter in the frustration of not being able to wait.

As a result of dissolving the blood samples of clients 1 and 2 in oxtamine and storing them in a vacuum for 3 days, no change in color, concentration, or precipitate was found. Therefore, it is based on the fact that Client 1 (Orcamp) and Client 2 (Sirone) are not biologically related according to the result of the oxtamine-negative test.

"oh my god… … .”

Orkamp and Sirone were not father and son. He was a biologically perfect man.

Amy looked at Orkamp. I finally realized why he was bored from earlier.

“How could this be?”

“I don’t know. no need to know The possibility that it was manipulated is 0%, so you can rest assured. Anyway, he's not my son, so take the official document with you. I don't know if it will be necessary.”

Eliza added.

“Sirone doesn’t know yet. I'll leave it up to you to tell the truth or not. Thinking of the rudeness two days ago, I want to remain Sirone's real mother forever, but I will forgive you this time, thinking that you did what I was supposed to do.”

Olina raised her head in surprise.

Maybe it was an illusion, but for a moment it seemed like Eliza smiled.

“Stop going back. Sirone is your son.”

* * *

The third floor of the basement of the Kazura Castle was a dungeon where numerous political prisoners were dragged in at a time when internal affairs were in turmoil. They haven't seen sunlight in decades and never will.

A certain noble married the human who tortured her. Gender didn't matter. It was a love that transcended gender barriers, and a pure bond between living things. At least in their opinion.

What could be the problem? To them, the end of the world is just the walls of a dungeon. And this was another society completely isolated from human society.

Uorin walked on the dirt floor that smelled of pus. Her many subterranean creatures parted to the left and right of her with every step she took. It was the daily bread of those in quarantine.

“Oooh. Oooh.”

A strange sound leaked from each door installed in the wall. It was both pain and pleasure. It sounded like crying, but somehow I thought it might be laughing.

Kazura Kingdom has been neglecting this place for 5 years.

Now, it has been reduced to a useless life, but someone may have overcome torture and wait for the right time with dangerous information like a bomb. There is no need to bring it out to the surface and scrape it to make a crust. It was best to just let it rot away forever.

Wu Lin recalled the contents of a novel his ancestors had read 80 years ago.

The main character was a child born in a dungeon that had been neglected for 70 years.

In the novel, the dungeon was described as an ant society. Women were valued for their childbearing role, and once a boy was born, they were either used for food or enslaved and had to work for the rest of their lives.

The main character was born with food number 141. But with the help of the oldest man in the dungeon, he was able to become a slave.

The old man was the highest aristocrat 70 years ago, and was the only one who knew the outside world. Knowing that his life was short, he passed on all his knowledge to the protagonist.

When the protagonist was fifteen years old, a civil war broke out in the kingdom. The dungeon was opened for the first time in 85 years, and the main character who escaped to the world ended the civil war and became the king.

Wu Lin raised an eyebrow.

They say a novel is just a novel, but how would you know? The day will come when such a miraculous thing will happen to Ji-on and he will leave this place.

When we found Zeon in the food pantry, he was relying on Armand's recovery program to survive.

He would have died if left alone. And maybe, that side might have been happier.

Zion will not know. Who is the person who saved you? As soon as he regains consciousness, he finds out who ordered the torture. Who was the person who threw him into the dungeon as soon as he confessed what had happened in Sirone's mind?

Ji-on was sitting in a prison that was cluttered with wood.

He knew how miserable the dungeon was. He cried all night and his eyes were swollen, and he looked as if he had lost his mind.

Hearing footsteps, he instinctively drew his limbs. Then he saw Wu Lin's face in the light of the weak torch, and quickly showed a bright color and clung to her throat spear.

“Uorin! Here it is! get me out! Where were you? Some strange bastards tortured me and threw me here!”

Even when she saw Ji-on humming like a baby begging for milk, Uorin couldn't even feel the slightest bit of maternal love.

Thera's ability does not manifest in the son. To her, who exists as a clone of her self, her son was only a shell that resembled her in appearance.

After being tortured, Jion's face was a mess. A crust of blood settled over the area she had been beaten, and her eyes were black and blue. Her ribs were broken and she was bandaged.

Seeing how he struggled even in the midst of difficulty moving, it seemed that he was afraid of the dungeon.

“It doesn’t make sense. How did the popular oppa become like that?”

Ji-on's eyes lit up when he saw the sword Uorin was wearing.

Even though it was in the scabbard, the handle was definitely the <Magic Sword Armand>. It was evident that he had brought him to escape.

"damn! son of a bitch, i won't let you go Sirone is still in the royal castle, right? No, it doesn't matter. I will come and kill you.”

Ji-on reached out of the wooden window to grab Armand.

Woorin took a step back. When Ji-on looked at him incredulously, she grinned and showed her the key to her prison cell.

"what? Have you already been sentenced to release? You should have told me sooner.”

As if waiting for the lock to be unlocked, Ji-on kicked off the wooden spear and left the prison. At the same time, Wu Lin grabbed him by the neck and pushed him back into the prison.

“Ouch… … !”

Ji-on, who had his head slammed against the wall, collapsed in that state. With Wu Lin still holding her by the throat, he pushed her face.

“You still can’t figure out the situation, you pitiful human being.”

“Uh, Uorin… … ! what's the matter… … !”

"Do you know why I didn't kill you?"

Zeon is one of the few humans who has reached the depth level 1 of Sirone. He's already heard a lot of it through his mouth, but it might come in handy someday.

“What you saw, what you heard, what you experienced. nothing should be said If you think of anything, I will break your brain. If you try to do anything, I will break your limbs.”

Ji-on realized from Uorin's cold tone. He seemed to hear his mother's cold voice.

---------------------------------------