[178] 3. Forest of the Profane (3)

Arin cast the power of darkness. Now that the giant was wounded, it was an opportunity to see if his abilities were working.

The power of darkness that Arin uses was a shadow that spreads branches like a plant. The branches dug into the giant's shadow came up like vines and grabbed his ankles.

Arin cast Mental Shock, a mental shock spell.

If telepathy is a thief, mental shock is a robbery. It was impossible to reach the trauma, but I was able to convey the shock of the phobia as much as I could.

The true strength of Mental Shock was that it could be linked with mind control.

Mind control, which was also Arcane's long-term skill, is magic that manipulates the opponent's body, but it is difficult to succeed.

Approaching 100 percent probability requires concentration equivalent to 20 times the opponent's mental strength.

After all, you can't dominate an opponent who is stronger than yourself.

However, depending on the strategy and tactics, that sometimes happens, and that was when the mental shock was successful.

As long as you can control the giants with mind control, there is nothing to fear in the forest. Kanis, who was aware of this fact, did not respond in any way and paid attention to the results.

Mental shock was a failure.

The giant, whose face was on fire, started charging at the party with even more violent movements.

Arin bit his lip. Telepathy, mental shock, mind control. The things called the three great spirits of the spirit system did not work on the giants.

It was the first feeling of helplessness she had ever experienced. Her tender sensibility soared on fire.

'Why? why doesn't it work? He's just a big human, isn't he?'

"scale! damage!"

Canis blocked Arin and cast a shadow wall.

As the shadow stood up, the giant's fist was plunged into the shadow. The darkness of the shadow wall scattered like powder. It was an impact that exceeded the absorption of magic.

However, the giant could no longer push in as if his strength had been taken away.

Harvest rode the giant's wrist and cut the area where blood vessels would pass with his fingernails.

If you mastered the schema, the calculation that it would be similar to the human body was correct.

Blood fountains gushed out as the veins at the folds of the elbows were cut. But the wound quickly healed. She went mad and went on a rampage, perhaps motivated by her pain.

'Really strong. There are creatures like this in the world.'

When Sirone lured the giant away by teleportation, Lian cut off the giant's heel as if opening a gun.

Canis cast the power of darkness. The sawtooth shadow is specialized for attacks, but even with its ankle wrapped around it, it was unable to cut its muscles.

Canis, who was all about immobilizing the giant, shouted.

"It's a great monster! Do anything quickly!”

Amy's flame strike bombarded the giant's face. However, adding fire to the burning yard did not change anything. Although the power of the wind was added, it was weaker than the Photon Cannon compared to physical power only.

Sirone compressed the photons. Contrary to what everyone thought it was a photon cannon, the activation time was longer than expected.

Canis burst out annoyed at the sight of the mass of light being distorted.

"shit! what are you doing! I mean focus!”

"No, that's not it."

Arin said.

“You are changing the shape of the photon.”

Since it cannot be defeated by physical force, it is converted into cutting force. If neither heat nor impact is of any use, you can create sharpness.

It was the right decision in the current situation.

But Kanis wondered if it would be possible. Changing the shape of light was beyond common sense.

Sirone felt it too. It was difficult to artificially suppress the light to be emitted. I thought it would be possible by making a difference in the direction of the force that compresses the photons, but the consumption of my mind was absurdly high.

A moan escaped through his teeth. As I tightened my shaky mind with diamonds and increased the intensity of my concentration, the photon was flattened.

The photon cannon, which had changed into a disk, rushed towards the giant.

The giant who cut off the power of darkness with force twisted his back. When the blade of light cut through his side, the wound opened a span and blood gushed out like a waterfall.

In any case, it was a fatal blow.

Realizing that fact, the prosecutors and wizards turned their eyes and rushed at it.

Stabbed with a saber and beaten with a greatsword. After burning it with flames and cutting it with a saw of shadows, the giant's body fell backwards.

The attack continued, but it felt like dismantling the dragon with only a hand knife. Even a single muscle fiber had the strength of steel.

said Amy gasping for breath.

"haha. dead? would be dead, huh? yes?"

"I don't know. must be dead Shall we do it one more time if we’re anxious?”

Tess shuddered.

“No, I can't do it any more. There is a certain level of cruelty.”

“I tried to cut my throat with the power of darkness, but it really didn't work. How about peeling off the flesh?”

Kanis's words seemed to be the decisive blow, and everyone backed away with their bloodless faces. In any case, the giant showed no signs of moving, and the wounds from Sirone did not regenerate, so it was best to leave it alone.

Tess gave Sirone a thumbs up.

“Nice, Sirone. Is this a new magic?”

“I was lucky. If the giant had avoided it, there wouldn't have been a second time. Just imagining it is terrifying.”

Canis was displeased. Photon Cannon is a shock-oriented magic. But change the shape and convert it into cutting force? The idea itself is great, but as a dark mage, I couldn't help but feel like I was being taken away from my bowl.

“Hmph, since I won, it’s a shame. It was like gambling. As long as we move as a team, the individual's mental strength converges with the party's mental strength. If he failed, he was incompetent. In a situation where even the magician's body can be a shield, it's dangerous to break the line.”

“I know. I was embarrassed because the efficiency was worse than I thought.”

Canis snorted and turned around. Although he had a blast, the insight that turned the line in that situation was definitely a talent.

Perhaps Arin had the same idea, he watched Sirone taking a break with menarche and said.

“I’ve felt it before, but that kid is really free to think.”

It was a gamble, but it was a gamble with high probability.

Insight into what to give up and what not to give up to reach victory. If only 1 or 2 out of 10 were wrong, I wouldn't have reached the current result.

“Sheesh, he was a quick-witted guy from the beginning.”

Kanis added a word. No matter what, we were a team now, and denying what we should admit was the result of an inferiority complex.

“Geuuuu.”

When the giant groaned, Sirone and the others' hearts sank. He hadn't shown any signs of getting up yet, but he could see his fingers moving little by little.

Without even having to exchange opinions, we ran into the woods.

I still don't know what kind of world the place called heaven is, but I thought I would never fight a giant again.

@

With the addition of Rin's senses, Tess's senses, and Arin's ability to distinguish what is natural and what is not, Amy was able to find her way without any crisis.

The destination was a rocky area.

Canis and Arin liked that there were many shadows. This is because Sirone's magic is not affected by the environment, but dark magic is maximized in darkness.

"It's safe here. If necessary, you should be able to move to the Dark Fort.”

“But Darkport can’t move multiple people, right?”

Dark magic has no theory of transferring effects like photon magic. Therefore, it was impossible for anyone other than the Dark Wizard to ride in the shadows and move.

Kanis shrugged his shoulders as if it was no big deal.

“At least tactically it will help. Because here, I can lure the enemies alone.”

Tess said as she handed over the water bottles that were returning in turn.

“A giant who uses schema. Isn't it too dangerous here? Besides, I'm worried that Arin's mental magic is useless."

"Sorry. I can't be of any help.”

As Arin lowered his head, Tess waved her hands.

"no. Giants are what I couldn't handle. you won anyway It's important that we all worked together and won. Come to think of it, heaven is no big deal, ho ho ho!”

Tess eased the mood, but the wizards rather darkened their faces.

Unlike swordsmen who are prone to improvisation, wizards hate unexpected situations. They were the ones who could be relieved by controlling all the variables and finally mastering them.

The magic that transforms the form of photons was not included in the party management strategy.

Knowing that adding variables to variables will eventually lead to annihilation, they were not happy about the victory they gained by relying on individual ideas.

“In the previous battle, we did not have complete control of the situation. It's a little bit like saying this right after arriving, but I think it's necessary to consider returning at this point. What do other people think?”

As Sirone started rhyming, Amy said.

“I guess I was fine for the first time. Shouldn't we overlook the fact that we won? So what I mean is, anyway, Sirone has found a solution, and that solution has room to be applied in many situations in the future. Therefore, even if we meet the same enemy, we can avoid the current situation.”

There was some truth in Amy's opinion.

Of course, Kanis was on the side of not going back. But he was not foolish enough to give false opinions out of greed.

“It's not that simple. Perhaps Sirone won't use the strategy from earlier. yes?"

"that's right. It's too dangerous. The time to compress the photons and the efficiency are also low. I don't think I'll try unless it's something very special."

“The idea was plausible. If a photon can contain mass, light can also change its shape because it is close to matter, did you think that?”

The reason Canis was able to read Sirone's thoughts was that the method he was trying to try was exclusively for Dark Magic.

“But it is a mistake. Crafting the mind is at odds with you. Because it is a characteristic of dark magic. Dark magic has low impact power, but exerts engineering power through shape transformation. For me, it's a cog, for Arin, it's a tree vine.”

Arin demonstrated the power of darkness. The shadows rising from the ground turned into the shape of an elaborate apple tree. In addition, the size was adjusted to reveal the three-dimensional beauty.

As Sirone admired, Arin smiled and explained.

“Wizards use four methods, but dark magic specializes in mental work, so there is no need for a separate method. We call this modeling. Models with good stability, such as ice and darkness, are easy to model, while fire and light are very active and difficult to model.”

Amy agreed.

“Come to think of it, so am I. I can't even control the shape of the flame. That’s why we use magic by grafting air-type attributes.”

"that's right. But light is harder than fire. No, modeling is theoretically impossible. It's like you can add the characteristics of light to other properties, but you can't add other properties to light. Of course, Sirone made it possible with God Particles, but it's just a special case. Thanks to that, I succeeded in modeling to some extent, but even that is difficult to use in practice.”

Sirone sighed and said.

“Then how should we fight the giants in the future? It might be possible with a laser, but I don't think it will be easy considering the giant's movements.”

The laser can destroy materials regardless of its durability, but it is less effective against fast-moving targets because it takes time to accumulate energy.

It was a magic that did not exist in the world, so if Harvest had known the characteristics of the laser in advance, he wouldn't have been as easily defeated as the last time.

“The problem is that we've only ever met one giant. How strong are the giants in this world? Wouldn’t knowing that help us explore?”

---------------------------------------