[287] 4. Proposal of Theraje (4)

“Anyway, didn’t you expect and follow along? Do you know what an honor it is to come into my bedroom?”

“I must have told you no.”

“Huh, arrogant. You do not know the subject.”

As Ji-on gritted his teeth, he regained his smile as if a good idea came to his mind.

"good night. Then, as royalty, I give orders. Listen to me tonight.”

“I don’t like it. No matter how royal the prince is, I am a nobleman of Tormia. We do not follow the orders of other countries.”

"okay? Are you that good? So what about this one? If you don't fall into my arms tonight, I will go to war with Tormia.”

Amy looked at Ji-on with a puzzled expression.

“Do you think it is impossible? Kazura is destined to fall into my hands anyway. When I become king, I will conquer Tormia first. The country will perish because of you.”

It was not an impossible situation at all. Because if Zeon becomes the king of Kazra, Theraze will spare no aid so that he can expand his power.

Accepting Amy's slowly lowering her head as a sign of resignation, Ji-on smiled meanly.

But at that moment, a cold voice flowed from Amy's mouth as she looked down.

“Do it if you can.”

"what?"

“If you want to go to war, do it.”

“I don’t mind. Are you going to leave now?”

How nobles and the like would not dare to use honorifics for the first prince. However, compared to Amy's words that she was willing to go to war, it was not even absurd.

“Did you really think my words were a joke? If so, you will definitely regret it.”

Amy couldn't help but burst into laughter.

“You are talking nonsense. will you be king? Don't be smug. On the topic that the position of the first prince is also shaking.”

“This is real… … !”

“Yes, Empress Theraze must have been a little nervous. But you're not going to be emperor, are you? Do you think I'd be intimidated by a little kid like you?"

Life turned in Ji-on's eyes. It was the first time in my life that I was so ignored.

My thoughts have changed. Amy never kills. I will make it so that only her life will be spared. & nbsp;

And I will surely turn Tormia to ashes and see bloody tears flowing from her eyes.

"that word… … Are you sure you can take responsibility?”

"responsibility? No, I'm not responsible for anything. Even if a war breaks out because of me. If you invade our kingdom... … .”

Amy's crimson eyes glowed red.

“At that time, I will risk my life and fight as a citizen.”

Ji-on was stunned when he saw the killing spree coming from Amy's crimson eyes.

It felt like my blood was freezing. I never thought that the girl who blushed at the banquet hall had such an extreme spirit.

'Wizards are eccentric... … .'

Amy came over, widening her eyes.

“What are you up to? Why did you bring me into this room?”

Judging from the circumstances so far, Ji-on did not simply drag himself for the purpose of taking his body.

For just that reason, mentioning Sirone's parents is because it doesn't match his personality.

'After all, Sirone has business to do, but what the hell... … .'

Amy's lips trembled when she finally realized.

Zion is not important. The Theraze faction intended to make a life-or-death decision tonight.

I had to find Sirone as soon as possible.

Upon entering the Spirit Zone, the location of the door was transmitted through synesthesia.

'Was it a structure that could be opened from the inside?'

I could open it, but I remembered that the door was locked. Thinking that she had no choice but to break out, Amy seized her chance with her Fireball's batteries finished. And as soon as Ji-on's face contorted like a beast, she ran to the door.

“Armand!”

The demonic sword flew in, ignoring inertia, and was caught in Ji-on's hand. Ji-on swung his arm and threw the sword.

Feeling the sword's trajectory through the spirit zone, Amy twisted her body. With a thud she slammed Armand into the door. If it weren't for the Spirit Zone, she would have died.

'I really want to kill you. Let's do this until the end... … .'

Ji-on's complacent expression bothered me. Judging from his skills, it would have been a golden opportunity to have put himself in a corner, but he did not show a hasty expression.

Amy immediately realized why.

Armand. From the sword stuck in the door, I felt a ghastly aura that I had never experienced before. Even the fact that it was nearby was terrifying, as if something gross was clinging to the door.

“Do you know if you can do this without any problems? I am also a recognized person in our kingdom.”

“The Karmis family. It's not difficult. But if Sirone dies, everything will be over.”

Assassination is the most effective means of overthrowing power.

It's not because the dead are people of great value. Because the dead cannot speak.

When Sirone dies, the living can create hundreds of situations. Sirone's soul will cry out in the gucheon, but there is no way to appeal to the injustice.

'I have to get out somehow.'

Amy bit her lip and collected herself. The feeling of her repulsive demonic sword faded a little as she tasted her blood as her teeth sank into her lips.

'Let's count to three and leave.'

As I was counting in my mind, Jion reached out and returned Armand.

Amy frowned at the unexpected situation. It was strange that she had blocked her escape route at best and then turned it back on. Still, she had no idea that Zeon could stand up to her with her sword.

Amy looked at Ji-on with wary eyes.

There was no tension in his face as he stood with his sword. Could it be that he secretly devoted himself to swordsmanship?

However, his words did not contain anything to expect such a high-level reversal.

“Sorry. For the first time in my life, I would have been able to spend a thrilling night. Because of the pride of a petty aristocrat, she was made to die as her virgin.”

“I will never die to you, but if I ever become a ghost, I swear I will kill you first. If you see me in your dreams, you can believe that there is an afterlife.”

Zion's face twisted.

Because wizards are only mouth-watering, it is difficult to make even a profit through verbal fights. In the end, armed demonstrations are a special drug.

Calming his mind by imagining Amy's miserable future, he stood Armand upright close to his body and chanted.

“Geumgang Armed Forces.”

Ching! With the sound of metal snapping, Armand's blade split and split like a spider's legs.

The hilt came out and the pommel and grip were separated. As if looking at the frame of a building, red fibers like oil leaked out along the bony shape.

Amy was seized with a more vicious feeling than she had felt in the Spirit Zone. With the red jewel at the center, Armand changed into a form reminiscent of a giant spider.

The scene that followed was even more serious than that. The blade split into dozens of legs began to cover his head as if swallowing him.

Amy frowned, but as the moment passed, the hideous sight gradually materialized into a figure pleasing to the human eye.

The part that used to be a handle turned into a helmet to protect the face, and the blade that went over the top of the head rode down the back and adhered to the core muscle stem to form the basic skeleton.

The metal material unfolded from the skeleton again, forming the shape of the armor.

The metal that came down to the wrists was mounted as a gauntlet, and the metal that passed through the legs and down to the soles of the feet turned into metal boots with pointed noses.

As the armor protected the main organs of the body, this time the red fibers wrapped around the joints and tightly tightened the body.

Finally, a huge amount of fiber leaked out of the neck brace and turned into a cape that fluttered.

From Amy's point of view, it was as if she had undergone a transformation because it happened in an instant.

Ji-on, whose face was covered by the cross helmet, lowered his arms and clenched his fists.

As a signal, an extremely thin needle pierced the back of Zion and connected to the spinal cord.

There was no pain, but electricity ran down his spine.

<Gothic> - user cerebral copy. share. Activation of verbal cognition.

Armand's voice resonated in Ji-on's head, and he immediately began to control his vital signs.

<Gothic> - muscle strengthening. increase in bone density. Endoskeletal augmentation. Maximize the rate of nervous system transmission. Metallic proliferation complete. Can create and transform weapons. specialize in murder. Close combat glass.

Ching! Ching!

Blades 30 centimeters long protruded from both of Zeon's gauntlets.

Amy swallowed. Except for the eyes visible through the grooves of the cross, all parts of Ji-on were hidden by the magic sword. From the looks of it, it seemed that her armor had been overlaid, with fibers covering most of her body.

'How could that be?'

This situation made no sense. If you look at the weight of the metal, even as a rule of thumb, it was much heavier than the original demonic sword. Especially if it's armor, it's armor. What is that fiber?

When tough muscles protect the joints, durability and activity are maximized. Maybe that's why, despite wearing heavy armor, Zeon was showing off a much more agile figure than before.

Ji-on was happy to see Amy's flustered expression.

'Huh, then that's right. How could I ever have seen something like this?'

<Magic Sword Armand> is an S-class object with the contradictory characteristic of being a metal creature. 

Its functions can be divided into two major categories. The first is rated control, which allows the user to freely manipulate the sword according to the user's will, and the second is the Geumgang Armament, which maximizes combat capabilities by combining with the user.

In rated control mode, the characteristics of metal stand out, and in the diamond armed mode, biological characteristics stand out. 

In particular, since the Keumgang Armed Forces shared a brain with the user, they were able to perform even intelligent missions.

“Did I look like a lesser prince selling out Theraze’s name?”

Zion took a step.

Clap! Amy leaned against the door involuntarily as the sound of steel boots scraping against the floor echoed.

“Of course it could be. But what about that? In front of Theraje's name, everything is insignificant. Neither your family nor your talent, I am not envious of you in the slightest. because i... … .”

Ji-on held out his palm toward Amy.

“Because they are great royalty.”

The fibrous glove wriggled, and a tentacle came out from the center of the palm and rushed at Amy.

Amy hurriedly threw herself after confirming that the tip of the tentacle that was flying in was sharply hardened even in the midst of the urgent situation.

bang! Tentacles lodged in the door. At the same time, the tentacles connected to Zeon's palms came off as if cutting off his tail.

Amy looked at the door with a tired expression. Every time the tentacles penetrated the surface, things like small tree roots spread and sealed the door completely.

Amy bit her lip with a frustrated expression.

No matter how tough the fibers of the tentacle were, it seemed impossible to break them with moderate force.

“When are you going to use the fire in your hand?”

Zion approached slowly. It was a different level of pressure than Ji-on before the Keumgang Armament. It was as if Armand's vicious aura had been overwritten.

“Well, you really don’t think that kind of thing will work, do you?”

Zeon raised the blade protruding from the gauntlet vertically. Amy's face, glaring at Ji-on, was reflected on the smooth surface of the blade.

5. All kinds of variables (1)

Even as she ran to Zeon's gallery, Sirone couldn't shake off the strange imagination.

Though I thought it could never happen, scenes I never wanted to see filled my head.

'What the hell are you thinking?'

You have to judge rationally. 

First of all, it was Amy's motive for following Zeon. She is not the type to move hastily on anything, but she was also the one who left at her limb because she was worried about Jess' safety in Galliant.

---------------------------------------