[22] Learn magic (5)

Sirone concentrated even more. I didn't pay attention to what I saw through the Image Zone, and when I dug into the Spirit Zone, the large sphere doubled in size.

The seniors opened their mouths. The figure shown in the record table was 41 meters in diameter. 

Considering that the average diameter of Class Four is 27 meters, it was close to the senior class.

“What, what? What kind of John is that big?”

Etel was also surprised. 

Of course, the size of the Spirit Zone can be increased through training. 

However, mental growth, including enlightenment, must be added, not the physical asceticism of knights.

The body is honest, so even though it is hard, if you train steadily, you will definitely get results, while the mind is a fight against vague illusions that have no right answer.

There are many wizards in the world who fail to achieve the desired result even if it takes their whole life and become frustrated.

It was for this reason that magic was the realm of talent.

'This is the first time John has been so superior from the start. He probably grew up contemplating the world and exploring his inner self from a young age. But now he's 18, is that really possible?'

Unlike before, Sirone gained confidence. As the spirit zone grew, I felt that the frame was finally captured.

Not even knowing that numerous students were paying attention to him with a surprised expression, he was busy connecting the skeleton of the spirit zone.

'You can't be obsessed. Tighten all at once.'

Sirone bit his molars and raised his eyes. As they entered the four-way defense mode, a large orb squeezed Shirone as if to crush it.

To the people who watched how intense the momentum was, 'Wooddudeuk!' It was to the point where I could hear a groaning hallucination.

“Wow… … .”

A groan leaked out from somewhere. 

Sirone mysteriously examined the four ways she had spread. He felt trapped inside a hard diamond crystal.

It was a perfectly interlocking shape like the cube that Etella showed off. The diameter of the zone is 13 meters. It was 30 percent efficient from 41 to 13 meters, but success was success anyway.

“I did it for real! The freshman did it all the way on the first day!”

Some of the seniors frowned as the gullible Class 7 kids made a fuss.

However, there were not a few people who expressed their liking equal to that number. Of course, most of them were female students.

Amy didn't belong to either category. But seriously, Sirone started to annoy me. 

why did i forget Wasn't the reason why he decided to learn magic because he was humiliated by Sirone?

'What is that bastard really like?'

It is not a school where you can enter just because you have talent. It was clear that he had met an assistant. who is behind it?

“Sir, the volume is much smaller than I thought.”

"huh? It has no choice but to be. But the durability would have been much improved. It should be able to withstand physical shock to some extent.”

Sirone agreed. The rigidity of the frame was clearly conveyed like skin. At this level, there would be no risk of leaving the spirit zone even if it received a physical shock.

Ethella scratched her eyebrows.

'I heard that I surprised the teachers during the freshman test, so the rumors seem to be true.'

Of course, you can't be full on the first drink. I admit that it is a great insight, but the reason why the defensive type was successful was because the zone was abnormally large in addition to the convergent tendency.

After realizing the people's reaction, Sirone returned to being a shy boy and returned to his seat in the corner.

Is it because it is buried in the gaze? She didn't know that Amy was looking at her with her intense eyes.

Cold Boy and Hot Girl (1)

Sirone was busy with various studies. When he reaches his senior year, he can choose a major, but until then he has to complete all subjects, so the range is huge.

The first class was a basic chemistry class. When I entered the auditorium of Class 7, the students were taking their seats. And a familiar face stood on the podium.

The authority on freezing magic, Olifer Shiina. 

The second daughter of the Olifer family and a descendant of the Olifer school. She is 26 years old. A genius who rose to the rank of a certified 6th-class wizard with only the magic of freezing. the beauty of her face. coldness of character.

He was a person who made a strong impression on Sirone thanks to his cool attitude during the freshman test.

But surprisingly, it was popular with male students. With her beautiful appearance, her job title as a teacher, and her tough personality befitting her older siblings. It was an indispensable romance for students.

With her long purple hair neatly pulled up, she said while tying her horn-rimmed glasses.

"hello. My name is Olifer Shiina, who will be in charge of Class 7’s chemistry class from today.”

There was a burst of applause like fever. Some of them whistled or asked outright if they had a lover.

Shiina ignored their voices and opened the book first. Then, I gently raised my gaze and looked somewhere.

Sirone was creepy. Because she felt like she was watching herself.

I thought it was an illusion, but in fact, Sirone's feeling was correct. She's in charge of Class Five, and the only reason she took her time to open one more course was because of Sirone.

'Talent will rot if it is stagnant. It's better to get promoted as soon as possible.'

Once you put it on, it's a talent that somehow follows. By promoting Sirone, he planned to kill his rival Sade's spirit and protect his conviction as a teacher.

Whatever the circumstances, the students were just happy to be taught by the most popular teacher.

“Teacher, is the rumor that you are dating Mr. Sade true? Isn't it?”

“Tell me about your first love. It's your first class.”

“Please, sir. Please!"

As the students continued to complain, Shiina wrinkled her brows. Then, an ice crystal with a diameter of 30 cm was born next to her.

Sarah La La Rock! Sarah La La Rock!

The ice began to spin and grind, and snowflakes flew in all directions. The cold particles instantly lowered the temperature of the classroom. 

At first, 'It's a bit cold.' The faces of the children who had been laughing hardened rapidly. As the temperature dropped endlessly, it finally froze to the point where you couldn't even move your mouth.

"teacher! It's cold, it's cold... … .”

“Let’s start class.”

Shiina came down from the podium and approached the students. As her ice rotation rate slowed down, the temperature rose. But she was still below freezing.

“What is the principle of the freezing magic that has been activated now?”

Shiina spread her palms and floated ice crystals on them.

“What is cold?”

The ice crystal shattered as I clenched my fist with a question.

“Coldness refers to a state of lack of energy. There is no such thing as cold energy. Therefore, the temperature can increase infinitely, but it cannot decrease infinitely. state of zero energy. We call it absolute zero.”

Sirone frantically wrote down her words in a notebook.

“If you take energy from the atmosphere, you can create ice crystals. It's plain ice, of course. But what if we break it down into particles and blow it away with the power of the wind? Even simple ice, like a moment ago, can bring the temperature down to levels that are lethal to humans.”

At the word death, the faces of the students turned pale.

“So how do we absorb energy? No, how do wizards use magic?”

Shiina spread her two fingers and picked them up one by one.

“Omniscient, omnipotent. Wizards cast magic through omniscience. The Spirit Zone aligns the wizard's spirit with the world. As such, within the realm, wizards have a deity position. That's why it's called omnipotence. However, that alone cannot activate magic. It means that the temperature inside the spirit zone does not rise even if it is said to be hot. You need the knowledge to raise the temperature right here. That is the battery.” 

Sirone's head nodded. The reason why he couldn't use magic so far was because he only trained for his omnipotence and lacked battery.

“In the future, you will encounter various studies with me and with various teachers. The Spirit Zone is only half the magic, and without a battery you can't be a good wizard. Then, we will start the basic chemistry class from now on.”

Only then did Shiina turn around and start writing on the blackboard. She was a full-on class and her students' concentration was higher than ever.

'indeed. Just because you're pretty doesn't make you a popular teacher.'

Trust in the teacher encourages students' desire for achievement, so Sirone also took classes without noticing the passage of time.

There were words that were hard to understand, but I didn't mind. 

The backbone of knowledge had already been completed, and from today, he intended to eat other studies in earnest.

* * *

5pm.

When class was over, students rushed out of the auditorium. Shirone also felt that her hair was getting heavy and headed to the dormitory.

The students who joined the study group were going in groups of threes and fives carrying lunch boxes. Sirone, who does not have a study group, was thinking of simply going to the library to solve the problem.

“What?”

Suddenly my body felt lighter. When I woke up to her sense of floating, I saw that she was being quickly dragged somewhere with her feet floating. & nbsp;

The force pulling on my back brace was so strong that I couldn't breathe. It was truly superhuman strength and speed.

The place where I arrived after running for about 3 minutes was in the forest of the garden. 

As the speed decreased, Sirone, who floated up with a bang, took a picture of the butt.

The shock came through the hipbone. 

Coughing and breathing, he hurriedly looked up at the person who had brought him.

The assailant, who covered his face with a black mask, looked around anxiously to the left and right, confirmed that no one was there, and took off the mask.

“Uh, huh?”

Sirone widened her eyes. The identity of the assailant was none other than Karmis Amy. It shone even from a distance, but when I saw it up close, it was really beautiful with its straight features.

As if realizing something from Sirone's expression, Amy raised her hand and created a flame magic.

“As expected, my prediction was correct. Do you remember me?”

"uh, ah?"

“I would have been in big trouble if I had left it alone. I will smack her lips and make her dumb.”

Sirone looked at the approaching flames without avoiding them. Unless you are a madman, even violence requires a basis and purpose. It was less probable to burn someone's face at school.

As expected, the palms stopped in front of Sirone's eyes. The flames had disappeared in an instant. She asked, frowning, intending to blackmail her sirone to scare her.

"What are you? Are you really that coward you used to be?”

The boy, who had been caught by the gangsters in the back alley and was pale and trembling with his legs, was nowhere to be seen.

“Does your senior remember me too?”

Amy grabbed Sirone by the collar and pulled him up.

“Who is the senior, you bastard! What the hell happened? You're a commoner, and you're such a country chicken! But how did you get here?”

Sirone didn't know why she was excited. If it bothered him that a commoner had entered an aristocratic school, he would not have brought him to such a quiet place in the first place.

“There are circumstances, but why did you bring me before that?”

"huh? why?"

It was actually an impulsive decision. At first I thought of ignoring it, but I couldn't. Even if even a small secret is revealed, things get out of hand because it is uncomfortable, but Sirone had a large bomb that could end his school life.

“Be honest! How did you get into school?”

It seemed that the fist attack this time would not stop, so Sirone hurriedly confessed.

When I informed him that he had been sponsored by the Ogent family and came in as a guest, Amy loosened his collar.

“Ho! A guest of the Ogent family?”

---------------------------------------