[390] Battle Readiness (3)

“Isn’t that amazing, Fermi? How much air did you compress for 1,000 presses?”

"I know. Even if it hits the armor, the impact will be considerable.”

Sirone was not impressed. In the old days, he would have at least clapped, but it didn't compare to Gaold's air gun.

Fermi conquered the master difficulty step by step. Finally, applause erupted when the 10th stage of the fly aerobatics, a movement item, was completed.

It was an acrobatics that was impossible without mastering the basics of the two types of press and blow.

“Fermi, all masters. That's 100 points.”

It was the moment Fermi regained the top spot in the senior class again.

“Surely great.”

It was rare for Iruki to acknowledge someone.

This time, even Sirone had no excuse to refute. It was none other than the All Master.

"I know. I think the fundamentals are very solid.”

“No, that's not what I mean. Even last year, Fermi was an all-master. It’s just that the majors are different.”

Sirone's head turned quickly.

“You said your major was different?”

"okay. Registered Earth Magic. The year before last, I mastered all with fire magic.”

Is it really possible? It's not enough to change your major every year, so it's not enough to do all masters.

A high-ranking wizard would be able to use a student-level difficulty, but it was a nonsensical comparison. Fermi was a student.

Sirone stared blankly at Fermi. As he pretended to slit his throat with his thumb, his emotions from his survival assessment came back up.

Fermi made the all-master and became the undisputed number one.

It was such an event that even the students who had been weighing Sirone and Fermi had to tip their weights.

'Even if you regret it, it's too late, kid. I won't let you graduate until you lick my shoes.'

Seeing the anger in Fermi's eyes, Sirone stood up. Then he told his friends and headed to the training ground.

“Iruki, Nade. I will go up first.”

Nade and Iruki looked back at each other. As they train together every day, they know that Sirone is not yet ready to challenge for All Masters.

“What are you going to do? It's a fight that won't gain anything from a head-to-head confrontation. It will only be a power exposure. No, if you fail at all, you will be completely trampled on.”

“What are you thinking? Let’s trust Sirone for now.”

The eyes of the students were focused on Sirone.

Amy and Arin turned their heads while talking, and Kanis's eyes lit up.

Dante, who was sitting on the ground, rested his chin and watched.

'Fermi did an all-master. How are you going to respond?'

The evaluation teacher held up the evaluation sheet and asked.

“Sirone, your specialty is God Particles. What is the challenge?”

“7 levels of power, 8 levels of projectile speed, 7 levels of projectile speed, 7 levels of defense… … .”

Sirone, like Fermi, lined up the items.

Until the 7th week, Syrone's main skill evaluation level averaged 3.6 levels. Therefore, the stage I am currently reciting was more than twice that.

“Finally, movement control, 10 steps.”

The teacher's eyes lit up.

Level 10 is Master Difficulty. Furthermore, the standard value of the particle movement control item of God was much higher than that of the photon series.

It seemed clear that Fermi's All Masters had influenced Sirone's judgment.

However, it was also true that there were insufficient parts to compare with Fermi to this extent.

In fact, only seven items were selected by Sirone, and the difficulty level was between 7 and 8, excluding the movement.

"what? If you’re going to do it, don’t you say it, right?”

“You are cheating. To some extent, other students will also have a conflict between Fermi and Sirone.”

“Then it is a great misunderstanding. That level couldn't hurt Fermi even as much as a fingernail. A typical mistake of the first year. After all, what can a freshman do?”

Class Two was the majority opinion.

Dante suspends judgment and thinks. He blinked quickly and the corners of his mouth went up as he counted.

'Hmm, that way... … .'

Meanwhile, Fermi and his party, watching from the hill, were already convinced of victory.

“Keukke, is this the final push? Doesn't it look cute like this? Isn't that right, Fermi?"

The Electric Monster Lichen turned to Fermi.

Fermi was laughing. But Lichen, who had been with him for years, knew that the smile he showed when he was most pissed off.

'That damn bastard... … .'

Sirone's first evaluation was a single attribute power item.

Although it does not exist in the photon series, it was newly established based on the fact that God's particles are based on mass.

When I closed my eyes and focused my mind, a sphere of light was born and compressed at a terrifying speed as if pushing space.

As the eyes of the students watching the suppressed vibrations turned golden, the photon cannon fired with a roar.

The flash of light embedded in the glass beads spread out as fragments of light, and the numbers on the instrument panel rotated to calculate power.

2,242 crashes.

It was a figure that far exceeded 1,800 crashes, which is the 7th level of single attribute power.

After checking the score, Sirone looked back at Fermi, and the students realized something and began to hum.

When converted to units of energy, 2,242 crashes are approximately 8,200 presses.

In other words, the destructive force that comes out when the atmosphere is compressed with 8,200 presses is 2,240 crashes.

This is 7.3 times higher than Fermi, who recorded 1,123 presses, revealing the power of God's particles.

Sirone's evaluation continued.

In the projectile velocity category, the speed of the photon cannon was 100 meters per second, which was also a result that far exceeded Fermi's projectile velocity category.

Puff pup pup pup pup!

Sirone fired a photon cannon at a target in front of her at blazing speed.

Even in broad daylight, the surroundings were sparkling, and the eyes of the students were filled with afterimages of golden lines.

“165 rounds per minute. It is a 7th level pass.”

The standard for Fermi's rate of fire rate master is 160 rounds per minute.

Having already overpowered Fermi in three items, the students now understood Sirone's intentions.

"I see. Sirone that guy... … .”

The seven items that Sirone presented as challenges were common to the Air series as well.

“It’s surpassing all of Fermi’s criteria.”

When the students turned to Fermi, he was looking at Sirone with his palms covering his face.

It was a fact that only his colleagues knew that his eyes were burning with murderous intent.

Sirone did not do all masters.

But even so, he scores higher in the same category than Fermi, who did All Masters.

Students felt the same way. Air-type magic can be overpowered at the 7th level of God Particles.

“That bastard child… … .”

Fermi's colleagues were startled. It was the first time his feelings had been shown so blatantly.

Feeling the eyes of countless students, Fermi finally lowered his hand and smiled.

'Oops, businessman smiles. The businessman smiles.'

Entrepreneurs need to be relaxed. Even if a debt is strangling you and you are on the verge of getting a knife stabbed in your back, as long as you have confidence, a way out is a business.

Of course, the crisis is real. In fact, the students were cutting Fermi's earnings expectations in half and giving them to Sirone.

The Air series is at the 7th level of God Particles. The strategy to increase stock prices by comparing numbers with Fermi worked well.

“As expected, Sirone hyung is amazing.”

Eider approached behind Iruki. His major was also Air, so it was only natural that he felt bitter.

“It is different from talent. How do you beat someone like that?”

"Talent?"

“It is. The advantage of the photon system is that it has no mass. But Shirone hyung can even give it mass. That no one can beat.”

Sirone's magical talent was acknowledged by Iruki as well. But I didn't think I'd come this far just for that reason.

Talent is just a tool. The speed of a person digging with bare hands and a person digging with a shovel is inevitably different.

If the land is magic, the shovel is a talent.

However, no matter how much he holds the shovel, he never digs the ground unless he uses his arms, waist, and legs.

That's why even a moment of realization is just an explosion of the accumulation of daily training.

Sirone has been working hard day by day and breaking through the limits every day. Even if it's not right now, in the end, it gathers and achieves the result.

All success in the world begins with knowing that the future will always come.

“I don’t think anyone is born with bare hands.”

"yes?"

Eider looked down at Iruki.

“Some are born with a shovel, some with a hammer, and some with a pen. He who has a shovel digs faster, but he cannot write well with it. Talent is not something given, it is something you discover and develop yourself. The Air series has something that only it can do. If you can't find it, don't take it easy for someone else to find it. Talent is also hard work.”

Eider chewed those words in his mind. Although he said it because he was displeased with the disparagement of Sirone's efforts, it was a piece of advice worth more than gold to him.

"yes. Thank you, Iruki.”

Iruki raised his eyebrows and then lowered them. The way he wasn't displeased and was rather grateful was really like the youngest. He was the reason Eider had no enemies.

“Finally, movement control. Master difficulty. The response time is less than 0.8 seconds.”

Sirone took a deep breath and cleared his mind. He went all out on the six items and felt dizzy for a moment, but it was nothing compared to his practical experience so far.

The evaluation teacher activated the red line certified evaluation magic, navigation.

A small sphere was born, inside which the arrow pointing in the direction was spinning like a compass that had lost its polarity.

Movement control is an item that accurately implements the movement suggested by the navigation system.

The shape, length and color of the arrow indicate direction, distance and speed, respectively, and the wizard must do it within the reaction time.

God's particle master difficulty is 0.8 seconds reaction speed. It was 0.2 seconds shorter than the photon series master difficulty of 1 second.

At the nerve level, 0.2 seconds is an enormous gap.

Nevertheless, the reason why the association set the standard is that it believes that rapid acceleration and sudden stop using mass will be possible.

“Reaction time of 0.8 seconds?”

The students looked puzzled.

Of course, the photon-type magicians differentiate time and build a series of processes in advance. Patrol, rainbow drop, etc. are applications from there.

However, movement control was not an item that moved as it came out of my head.

The navigation will suggest a completely different direction, speed, and distance than expected, and the wizard must react immediately.

In such a situation, it felt too cruel to have a reaction speed of 0.8 seconds.

'No, the association's judgment is correct.'

Sirone recalled Collie's teachings. After all, it is a standard because someone is doing it.

I heard the other day that the response speed of Etela's movement control was 0.1 second, which is called superhuman.

When you reach such a state, you can cover an area densely covered with trees simply by teleporting. Also, I heard that you can evade an attack just by weaving the upper body by feeding back the instantaneous movement in place.

Of course, Sirone, a student, cannot be comforted by the fact that a famous monk on the continent can do it.

However, the idea of ​​the association was well understood.

Do not judge God Particles by the standard of the photon series.

It was an ability unique to Sirone that no one else had.

'I conquer with my skill.'

A light rose from Sirone's body like fire. The flames, which gradually grew in size, became a pair of giant wings and burned.

“I-what is that?”

The students widened their eyes. It was a magic I had never seen or heard of before.

---------------------------------------