[633] What Really Matters (3)

Amid endless accusations, participants looked back at Nade, who was still unwilling to fight.

'I knew it would end like this.'

Frings clearly remembered the horror he suffered from Nade in Scramble Royale.

He was also not a normal personality, so he robbed and woke up shortly after, but it was an incident that he did not want to experience again.

'It's definitely a ticking time bomb that's not good to touch.'

But now, the final 10 players were confirmed, and if there was nothing to lose anyway, it was advantageous for the scout to evaluate them.

“Come on. There's nowhere else to run, right?"

Frings wiggled his hands and provoked, but Nade just stared at the sky helplessly.

'I'm graduating?'

Anyway, does it make any sense?

Even if you graduate like this, there will be no institution that will call you who have not done anything.

Just as public and non-officials are different, even the same wizard is treated differently according to society's recognition.

If she is eliminated as it is, her initial plan to disappoint her mother will properly succeed.

“I will not fight.”

Fighting with Sirone was unimaginable.

"That's ridiculous."

Dante had never seen Nade's true face, but he was unaware of the atmosphere that some talented people shun.

“Should we accept it if you say you don’t want to fight?”

“I am not interested in what you think. I don't fight.”

Anhamuin's answer raised the voices of the audience.

"A coward like that doesn't deserve to be a wizard!"

“Hey, just step on it! Jailbreak!”

The reason why it did not move despite the audience's torch was because it was not as simple as it sounds.

Iruki took a step towards Nade.

“How about dropping out? It's a meaningless fight for you."

He remembered the promise Nade had made the day before the graduation exam.

At least if he eliminated me now, I wouldn't become an enemy, though unpleasant memories would remain.

“… … .”

When Ned didn't say anything, Iruki pointed at him with his index finger.

“Look, you want to fight too. You don't want to drop out, do you?"

'mother.'

Although the seats were packed with people, it was easy to find Teria.

The face, though not noble, was still beautiful, distorted like a demon among hundreds of faces, and was pressing on Nade.

'A terribly disgusting face.'

Even so, as a child, he has no choice but to love his face.

"go away! Wizard's Shame! Don't lower the dignity of the school!”

Teria's face turned red at the people's criticism.

“I’m going to be embarrassed. What kind of ugliness is that?”

The Ballroom Pushed The Wife

"stop it. You should cheer me on too.”

“Look at the other students. Everyone fights hard to make their parents happy. How can you be so selfish?”

Lichen approached Nade from behind.

"Annoying. Just die.”

Grabbing Nade by the neck, he threw it to the end of the Colosseum with a lightning strike.

Then, the electric shock gathered in front of me flew in a huge parabola and hit the spot where Ned had fallen.

'You fool! Electricity... … !'

Frings's face turned pale, and everyone who knew magic fairy tales looked at Nade in a rigid posture.

"what?"

However, Nade was just looking at Teria with a sad look.

It was three days later that the Gasols came to rescue Nade, who could not stand the torture of the Chicken Head bandits and whose mind had been destroyed.

Among the corpses burned like charcoal, young Nade cried like an idiot, and the seizures did not stop even though he spent a lot of money on treatment.

"why are you crying! Why are you crying! Do you know how much damage my mother suffered because of you?”

Her heart burns for spending the most money borrowed from relatives on her son's treatment.

“Mom, Mom… … .”

Nade desperately endured.

Even more terrifying than the inner monster was the mother's pain, and gradually the convulsions began to subside after the hiccups.

'I am… … What did I do wrong?'

I once got angry.

"It's not like I wanted to be like this! What the hell have you done to me!”

Ballroom threw the bottle at Nade.

"It's like a Holo child!"

Perhaps he was annoyed at the child getting on his fearful wife's nerves, but Nade felt nothing but resentment.

“Aaaaaaa!”

That moment when Nade rushes into the wall and bangs his head in order to destroy the body they inherited.

“Aaaaaagh!”

Teria scratched her face with her nails.

"honey!"

The ballroom ran in fright, and Nade stared blankly at his mother's bloody face.

and… … .

“Kill! Rather kill me!”

Teria cut her wrists with a knife without hesitation.

"damn! anyone quickly! Call the doctor!”

“Um, Mom… … .”

While all the family members were busy moving, only Nade was watching her as if time had stopped.

"sorry… … .”

Nade whimpered with a foolish face.

'Don't be angry. I was wrong.'

There is no child in this world who overcomes their parents.

“It is irreversible. It's completely over.”

As Nade writhed, the remaining eight contestants ignored him and collided in the center of the Colosseum.

While everyone was mesmerized by the splendid magic feast, only Nade and Teria were exchanging glances.

“I can’t look at you because I’m pathetic.”

When Teria got up from the audience and turned around, Ned's fists clenched violently.

'Yes, go away. I will never be a wizard! I will never give you the life you want!'

It was a situation I wanted so much.

But why is it so painful?

Why do I fall into the abyss without limit?

'We will perish together! All we have to do is die together!'

The moment Teria disappears beyond the shadow of the exit.

“Aaaaaaaaa!”

Nade screamed and stood up.

“What the hell am I!”

Electricity runs through the body.

“What did you do so wrong eh eh!”

At the same time as the speech occurred, Nade flew behind Sirone and swung his arm.

“Ouch!”

As Sirone rolled on the floor at such a speed that they couldn't even react, the participants turned their heads in surprise.

“Huhhhh!”

There was a creepy look in Ned's convulsions with his teeth clenched, as if he was about to explode at any moment.

“What is your horsepower level?”

Baikal asked, but Elizabeth blinked without even thinking about answering.

"what's the matter? Magic power level!”

“… … sorry. Let me check one more time.”

When Nade took a step, everyone took ten steps back.

"why? Why?”

Nade's doubts were rising from a very deep hatred that could not even be guessed at.

“Why eh eh eh!”

The 2,000 system beeped as lightning shot through the sky over the Colosseum.

-Exceeded data capacity limit. Activate the emergency system. Second core open.

The lights of the Colosseum flickered.

-Exceeded data capacity limit. 3rd core open. 4th core open.

White thunderbolts were erected like pillars and sprinted across the floor, then dispersed into hundreds and wandered about in a dizzying manner.

“Is the 4th core open?”

As far as Baikal knows, it was unprecedented in history.

- Activate the final stabilization device. 5th core open.

Only after all 5 emergency systems were activated, the 2,000th worked normally, and the same blue light came on in the eyes of the analysts.

“How many?”

“… … It is 1.48 billion magicle.”

Baikal's head turned as if it were about to break.

“1.48 billion? Is that a possible figure?”

"the problem is… … .”

Elizabeth continued in a trembling voice.

“It is still going up.”

Iruki, who was looking at the fallen Shirone, frowned as if he didn't like it and said.

“What happened to your promise to me? You said you wouldn't fight with Sirone, so you stabbed me in the back like this?”

"are you okay."

Sirone slowly stood up.

“Because this is a test. He didn't mean to kill me.”

Iruki wanted to believe that too, but the only thing left for Nade in a state of magic assimilation was a purposeless intent to kill.

“Big!”

Sirone looked at Nade's grotesquely distorted face and said with a sad smile.

“At first I thought it was a scary face.”

He is so soft-hearted and kind that he cannot even get angry without hating someone.

“Actually, it was a painful face, Nade.”

That's why you can't destroy anything without first destroying yourself.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

“The final magical power figure is 1.86 billion Magical! It's a magical fairy tale! If we leave it like this, we will die!”

“Perfect chaos indeed. You must have been afraid of this.”

The state of Nade, who had no reason left, was so violent that it was on a completely different level from what Sirone had experienced before.

Kururrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

The pale, pure white lightning spread around Nade and became huge enough to encroach on the entire Colosseum.

“Cheak!”

Like a flying insect that touches an electric barbed wire, the moment it touches the white light, Fjord vomits up a agony and collapses.

“Mmmmm!”

All the participants clung to the wall, waiting for the power to subside, and the audience was mesmerized by the sudden power of Nade.

"What is that? Isn’t it more serious than Inpercus?”

What was absurd was Teria as well.

Occasionally magic assimilation occurred and the warehouse was blown up, but I did not know that it contained such terrible power.

“With me… … It doesn't matter.”

Teria turns to the exit, but Ballroom grabs her wrist.

"Where? The test is not over yet.”

“Is the exam a problem now? If even the machine goes wrong, you can claim damages from us.”

“Isn’t that all you see? Can't you feel Nade's pain?"

"I'd rather just kill him! I don't want to live like this either!”

Ballroom gritted his teeth and led her to his seat.

"sit down! At least take a good look at your son today!”

Nade's electric shock, which had been swelling into a sphere, stopped expanding and soared in the form of a pillar.

“Now! Attack!”

As the electric shock disappeared, everyone rushed at Nade and poured magic as if they had promised.

'shit! Two thousand times!'

In actual combat, it would take damage to the body, but it was like a dream to use up 1.86 billion magicles with anti-magic.

'Idiots! You can go and kill them.'

Lichen cast spark magic to subdue Nade's tail and grab his face.

Just as he was about to turn his head completely, sparks flew out and Nade's figure disappeared, then came out from all directions and punched him.

“Aaaaaaa!”

As the final blow was struck, Lichen's nose slumped and Nade's wrist twisted.

“The moment you get caught, you are eliminated. It’s like a god’s lottery.”

Sirone soared into the sky while the reckless lightning, which could not be called a technique, galloped forward.

“Nade!”

The incarnation of the light angel rose hugely, and as the right arm was lifted, enormous energy gathered in the window.

'Angel's Punishment!'

The moment the flash struck at great speed, Nade's body disappeared as if evaporating.

“Did you avoid it?”

Even super-fast projectiles seemed slow to Nade, who had the same nerves as electricity.

'then… … !'

Scouts raised their eyes in amazement as Sirone's body, which had activated her Quantum Super Position, increased to hundreds.

Quantum Super Position - 300 Stacks - Incarnation Art - Angel's Punishment.

"This… … It’s not at the level of the graduation exam.”

300 angels raised their arms in unison and pierced their spears of light at Nade.

---------------------------------------