[263] Circumstances of the Ogent family (2)

Kuan was in the middle of a conversation with a female teacher. The female teacher was also a person Reina knew through her rumors.

It was Kiyora Ellis, a surgeon known in the kingdom.

Ellis' specialty was neurosynthesis, a field known to be impossible without genius talent among surgical operations.

However, Reina, who began to distrust Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy, wondered if that was hype.

If nerve junctions are really possible, why is Quan standing in front of you limping on one leg?

When Quan said something with a cold expression, Elise covered her mouth and laughed.

“Knock-knock! So you're saying you just ate and came? After all, you are you too.”

"shut up. If you do this one more time, I will kill you.”

Elise patted Quan on the back.

“Ah, it’s not something to be so angry about. My childhood friend is getting old with virginity, and of course this older sister has to step in. Besides, Oli Persiena would never fall for her bride.”

Kuan remembered what happened a few days ago.

He said he had an important appointment, so he went out and was seated by Alice.

The opponent was Olifer Shiina, a wizard currently attending Alpheas Magic School.

It seemed that she, too, was compelled by her family to not be able to continue from the beginning.

Of course, it wasn't a woman who rarely showed such feelings, but if she liked a man, wouldn't it be normal for her eyes to change?

“He must be a good man. There are also cultures.”

“Hoo?”

Alice was genuinely surprised.

Up until now, Quan had never praised a woman. As a child, she was obsessed with swords, and after she injured her Achilles tendon, she stopped caring about anything in the world.

If the word came out of his mouth that he was a good person, it would be the highest praise.

“Are you saying you liked it? Then I tangentially again... … !”

As the life in Quan's eyes flashed, Elise shrugged her shoulders with a frightened expression.

At this time, the Kuan should never be touched.

Ellis, on the other hand, felt sorry for her friend.

If he liked Shiina, he should have caught him on the spot. However, due to Kuan's personality, he would never do such a thing.

'no way… … Did he get a blemish over his leg?'

If it was the Olifer family, they would have basic culture, but it was something they didn't know.

From what I've heard, it was obvious that they were forced to push, and most of all, it was the case that they couldn't control their emotions when it came to things between a man and a woman.

'How is it that my legs are lame? Anyway, I don't have eyes for men.'

Kuan's injuries could not be healed even with Elise's nerve junctions. It's not because the ligament is broken, it's because the whole thing came off.

When Kuan returned from the battlefield after losing her leg, she cried for days and days feeling helpless and unable to do anything.

He was a talented person who was evaluated as the incarnation of the sword before earning the nickname of a magician of death. How heartbroken he must have been when such a man lost his leg.

A year later, Ellis offered Quan a teaching position at a swordsmanship academy. And he decided No matter how long it takes, I will definitely fix his leg.

That's why he hated the woman named Shiina to the point of death.

I couldn't imagine because I couldn't see his face, but like an authority on freezing magic, the cold wind must have blown.

What the hell are you doing kicking Kuan?

The man's eyes were completely stunned.

“Quan, maybe that woman… … !”

Reina interrupted Ellis and approached.

“Mr. Kuan!”

Kuan looked Reina up and down and asked nonchalantly.

"Who are you?"

“I’m Ryan’s older sister, Raina! I had an appointment for an interview today.”

Quan sipped his coffee and nodded.

“Ah, I guess so.”

Rayna was not embarrassed.

Parents asked for an interview, and it seems that it was.

Because he is such an insincere teacher, he fails to see Lian's true character and gives him a failing grade.

Alice smiled brightly and asked for a seat.

“Oh, that’s right. Ryan is a very kind and righteous child. now! Come over here. Do you have coffee? Or even another car?”

As Elise treated her kindly, Reina tried to calm her excitement.

If Kuan hadn't set fire to his cold heart.

“But what are you here for? I don't think there's anything wrong with Ryan. Still ignorant, doing strength training, still in last place, heck.”

As Reina's eyes filled up with poison, Elise, who was quietly watching her, avoided her seat.

According to my experience so far, it was best to leave as soon as possible at times like this.

Reina held out her report card, thinking she was only going to endure it once.

“Now, look at this.”

“It’s Lian’s report card. A grade point average.”

“From what I've heard, Lian's grades aren't behind the other kids. But why fail? I would like to hear an explanation about this.”

Kuan said as if it was nothing.

“You can’t do schema.”

Rayna was not embarrassed.

“How can you fail the exam anyway? I know how to schema too! But if I fight Lian right now, I'll lose! Is it okay to judge a student just for that?”

“If Reina-san had learned swordsmanship, she would have beaten Lian.”

Rayna was speechless.

In the end it is. If you are a swordsman, you must know how to schema if you want to command hundreds of thousands of soldiers in the future.

“Well, how can you give me last place… … .”

Raina's tears welled up in frustration.

He is the youngest brother who lost his mother early when he was young and raised him with his own hands.

Even while the other brothers were winning and winning, Lian was not able to avoid being in last place.

My heart broke when I thought of how frustrated my younger brother must be.

To a man, women's tears are said to be a weakness, but that was not the case for Quan.

“I have no talent. Graduation is impossible at this rate. Even if he graduated, who would hire a prosecutor who can't schema? It's probably the only thing that nerds do as bodyguards. Lately, I think they're trying something strange called an imagination schema, but from what I've seen, it's in vain. I have no sense of the sword at all.”

Reina slammed the table with both hands and argued.

“I looked it up too, Imagination Schema! It's not scientifically proven, but it's definitely possible. When I read it in the book, it was called divine transcendence... … .”

“Ah, divine transcendence.”

Quan interrupted Reina.

Even the polite demeanor disappeared, and Asrai lived in his eyes.

divine transcendence.

transcend the body? How absurd is this?

“Can you see my legs now? Cut one side? Achilles tendon fell off. So I will. The body is like a machine. It cannot function without parts. If divine transcendence is possible, I won't limp either. Imaginary schemas are nothing but brain-enhancing ones of schema schemas. It's not like magic."

Rayna didn't want to say anything more. He couldn't have her brother teach in a school like this.

“I will go through the transfer procedure. I'll take Lian with me. Please deal with it now.”

“What do you think will be different if you go to another school?”

“I don't think that's anything to worry about Mr. Quan anymore. Whether he boils or roasts his brother, our family will take care of it.”

Raina spat out the words as if proclaiming and turned around.

The teachers who were watching the situation shook their heads. It was already the seventh case that the parents who quarreled with Kuan transferred the school.

Behind Reina, who was moving away, Kuan spat out.

“I think we need to keep an eye on it a little longer.”

Reina's steps stopped abruptly.

Looking back with a surprised expression, Kuan frowned and added a word.

“If you give in as much as possible, that is.”

Teachers were bewildered.

Quan, known for having a bad temper, never caught a student leaving.

Rayna walked back to Quan and asked with a feeling of grabbing at least a straw.

"therefore… … Does that mean there are still possibilities?”

Quan scratched his head in annoyance.

“Hey, Miss Raina. I know you are a great musician. But swordsmanship is not an art. It is a thoroughly function-oriented killing technique. The philosophy of swordsmanship is a privilege that only those who have reached the highest level can enjoy. Rihanna is definitely not talented. But if it's the imaginary schema, maybe it's possible.”

“That's what I mean! So you said you can do it! Why did you lie?”

Quan let out a sigh.

“The imagination schema is the realm of the will. It cannot be verified, but a swordsman who has lived on the battlefield for a long time will experience it at least once. I think I have too. But that's why no one can force it. All Ryan needs to do is jump more and swing more.”

“So you gave me last place on purpose? To make them wield more?”

“Simply put, something like that.”

Reina shook her head.

“Do you think that makes sense? So what about grades? Even after graduating, how can a student in last place become a commander?”

Kuan held Lian's report card on the table.

Next to the rank of last place, the grades recorded in the tests so far were listed.

“What is the problem? Lian's strength is 1.8 times stronger than students who are currently using the schema. In particular, the strength of the right arm, which is mainly used, is 3.7 times greater. This is a really unusual case, and the school is watching it. I think I woke up for some reason during vacation... … .”

Reina recalled Lian's bragging after returning from Galliant Island.

If Kuan had gone this far, it seemed that his brother's story was not all nonsense.

“That would be enough for the prosecutor. Grades do not guarantee a prosecutor's life. On the battlefield, the enemy does not save the first place and kill the last place.”

Reina slowly lowered her tail.

“Ha, but if Lian gets frustrated after that… … .”

Kuan looked at Reina pathetically.

Well, how could a person who handles a musical instrument all day know the feelings of a person who handles a sword?

“Reina-san, if you were a person who would be frustrated with grades like this, it would have been impossible to imagine in the first place, and you can’t even train enough to achieve this level of strength. The record here is the product of sheer hard work. I don't know how much you know his brother, but now this bastard is experimenting on a daily basis that transcends human limits. He's dissecting his own body as if it were someone else's. You can't even imagine how painful that is. Do you think this ranking will catch the eye of a guy whose every day is hell?”

Reina blinked her eyes.

I didn't know because I never expressed it. Why did Lian, who always felt young, endure such painful training?

Kuan passed the report card to Reina.

"ah… … .”

When Rayna accepted, Quan turned around and said.

“Take it or not, do as you like. However, it would be better not to add vain thoughts such as divine transcendence. That's the only way that son of a sword can make a living. Keep your mouth shut until no one can bear the pain for you.”

Reina looked down at her report card.

Last.

But next to it, the number recorded by Lian is written.

I saw Lian striking the sword so that the muscle was torn to raise the 0.1 point.

Reina grabbed the report card with both hands and bowed her head to Quan.

“Please give Lian a lot of guidance in the future.”

Kuan only narrowed his brows without answering.

@

Reina, who left the teachers' room, felt relieved after a long time.

Until now, thinking only of my younger brother, my heart was dull, but I was fortunate to see hope through this interview.

'Yes, since a man has decided to do something, he should go all the way up. If it's divine transcendence, you can look up to the great swordsman, right?'

While her heart fluttered, she did not forget Quan's advice.

Don't ever show it to Ryan.

Even the word "Cheer up" could break the will of a person who trains hard every day.

---------------------------------------