[603] To someone (1)

It was a spectacle to see Estas change form.

“Isn’t it cool? This is the famous Istas of Alpheas Magic School.”

“I am There was something like this at the school I went to.”

Liz spits out the name of her alma mater without hesitation, and Oscar simply refers to the school she went to.

Even in a trivial conversation, the noble and the infamous are distinguished.

Oscar was a native of the capital, but he was not at the level of giving a business card to one of the five most prestigious schools in the kingdom, other than the Royal Magic School.

But Liz was proud of her Oscar.

With this man who has been certified as a self-made artist, you will be able to overcome any hardship.

"Follow me. I will introduce you to a study group full of my memories.”

“Go back now. I said hello to the principal.”

“Oh really. hurry. It will be fun.”

Unlike Liz, who was delighted like a child, Oscar had only thoughts about his dinner date.

“Nothing has really changed here.”

Countless memories ran through Liz's mind.

“How are you finding your way? Isn’t it a complete maze?”

“There was a Servant ability among the previous presidents. He created the Master Equation.”

"okay? What principle is it?”

Liz turned around with her hands behind her back and stuck out her tongue.

"secret."

The door to the Supernatural Psychic Research Society opened and Liz's face burst in.

"Voila! Hey, is anyone there?"

“Of course he must be in class. let's go back I have plans for dinner with the association people.”

As Oscar was about to turn, Liz grabbed his wrist and turned him upside down.

He sighed and turned around, but his eyes could not help but shine in front of Liz's meaningful expression.

“Are you really just going? You might regret it, right?”

“Hmmmm, what are you talking about?”

Oscar pretended not to know.

“This is where I stayed longer than the dorm. In a word, you can say that my body odor is permeated.”

As Liz pulled him, Oscar's legs moved as if hypnotized, and a moment later the door closed.

“Oh, I’m going crazy.”

Nade, who finished the evaluation earlier than his friends, entered Estas in search of Sirone.

'I can't concentrate at all.'

His mind was so full of Liz's thoughts that he couldn't do anything.

'If I knew this would happen, I'd rather not run into it.'

If I hadn't left Scramble Royale, if I hadn't gone to the public bath that day, I would have many regrets.

However, in a corner of his heart, there was another Nade who was delighted with the reality of reuniting with Liz.

“Do you want Sirone?”

Nade's hand, which turned the doorknob, stopped abruptly.

At first, I thought it was Sirone, but the sound leaking from inside was clearly a male and female voice.

"what?"

I saw Liz and Oscar kissing Nade's eyes as he opened the door and entered the study hall.

“Senior Liz?”

It was a shock that ripped out my heart without anesthesia, and it was a situation where I couldn't think of anything as if my brain had been removed.

“Liz! town! town!"

Oscar found Nade and hurriedly pushed Liz away.

Realizing it belatedly, Liz rolled her eyes as if embarrassed, and then approached with a shy smile.

“Oh, Nade! When did you come?”

“What are you doing?”

“Ah, such an embarrassing thing. Sorry. Suddenly, I thought of the old days, and the atmosphere was like that... … .”

"get out."

As Nade frowned, Liz's mouth was firmly shut.

“Never come here again.”

Oscar frowned.

“What is your habit of talking to seniors? The research society is not yours, and Liz graduated from here.”

Nade's gaze lingered on Oscar for a moment, then returned.

“Outsiders are out.”

They both know nothing.

How he and his friends struggled to defend the research society.

“Outsiders? fall out?”

Oscar couldn't stand it any longer.

“From now on, it would be better to think and spit it out. The person standing in front of you is a professional wizard who has been officially recognized in the kingdom. You, who don't even have a magician's license, aren't the ones to talk about carelessly.”

Nade didn't even like to mix things up.

“I say it for the last time. get out. If you don't want to be treated badly."

“Because this child wants to see you… … .”

Oscar widened his eyes and took a stride.

However, the moment our eyes collided head-on with Nade, I felt like my heart stopped and I couldn't move my body.

'What is this bastard?'

An energy cold enough to freeze the blood.

I had never experienced this level of survival even when I was on duty in real combat.

“Come on if you feel confident. A professional wizard?”

Literally, Oscar was a pro and it was his senior year of amateurs that made him freeze.

It's a feeling, it can't be stopped anyway, so Oscar is about to step back, but Liz interrupts.

"stop! don't fight.”

First of all, she moved away from Oscar and turned to Nade and said.

"okay. I'll go. I'm sorry if I offended you.”

“Liz, will you put up with being treated like this? He's a guy who only knows how he feels. Just spit out flat words at your direct senior.”

“Oscar, please stop. Let's get out quickly.”

As Liz walked out the door with her lover by the hand, Oscar cursed.

“A son of a bitch. That’s why you’re in last place.”

The door slammed shut with a bang, and Nade, who had been standing still for a moment, sat down on the sofa as if dizzy.

"ha."

Contrary to the initial expectation that it would be relieved, only regret came after the work was over.

“Aaaaaa! really! really!"

Nade frantically hit himself on the head and buried his face deep in the sofa.

Two hours later, when Sirone and Iruki arrived, Nade was already dead.

"what's the matter? what's the matter?"

It was amazing to Sirone that a person could change so much in just a few hours.

"it's over. It's all over.”

“So what is it?”

“Senior Liz came to visit… … .”

After hearing the full story of the incident from Nade, Sirone and Iruki remained silent for a long time.

It was a mistake to drive him away coldly, but if he thought he was in that situation, he couldn't help but scold him.

“I think it’s better. You had a fiancé anyway, right? If I hoped for nothing, only you would suffer.”

Iruki's advice was realistic.

"I know. But I can't give up. I'm going to die of anger, but I don't want to miss it.”

Sirone used shock therapy.

“Even after seeing that, do you like Liz-senpai?”

"uh! good! I think I'm going crazy because I like it. Do you know why I wanted to open a magic shop? Because Liz-senpai works at the armory! I was going to make a formal confession, but in this way... … .”

Nade grabbed his head.

“I was stupid! I should have responded coolly. Aren't you going to hate me now?"

“Whether you like it or not, they say you have a fiance. That means you're going to get married soon."

“Is the engagement big? You might change your mind and come to me. Iruki, what percentage is the probability of that happening?”

“0 percent.”

I didn't even want to do any calculations.

“Sirone, you tell me. what do i do now It’s an insight to use in times like these.”

“If you really can’t give up, there is only one way.”

"really? what is that?"

“I’m going to go and apologize to both of you right now.”

"apologize?"

Liz wouldn't know, but she didn't want to bow her head to Oscar even if she died.

“Because it is true that you were serious. If I can’t do it, I have no choice but to close my heart.”

It was the only solution Nade could think of.

“But I don’t know where. You can't even search all the city inns.”

“The headmaster will know. I'll ask.”

Sirone ran to Alfeas and found out that Liz was staying at the Dolphin Inn.

Nade left Istas repeatedly saying thank you, but when he arrived at the inn, he was delirious.

'Let's stay calm. I just came to see my senior. You haven't done this before.'

With the feeling of jumping off a cliff, I raised my hand and knocked on the door when I heard Liz's voice.

"who are you?"

"uh… … It's Nade."

“Nade?”

The door opened and Liz appeared in a comfortable outfit.

It may not be more beautiful than decorated, but the rarity rather made my heart pound.

“How did you know this place?”

Looking at the speechless Nade, Liz's face wasn't as friendly as expected.

“Do you want to come in?”

"sorry! Seniors!"

Nade immediately bowed his head and apologized, feeling that he could not waste any more time.

“I wonder how your mind has been. I can't even recognize you. I'm really sorry."

This may not relieve all feelings, but there was no reason not to accept an apology.

"okay. Thanks for coming. Actually, I felt a little uncomfortable. I wonder if I went to school for nothing.”

“Absolutely not. It's all my fault.”

"okay. Let’s meet before we leave.”

“Hey, by the way, where is Mr. Oscar? I want to apologize in person.”

“He went out because he had a dinner date with the Association people. don't worry. I don't have that kind of personality.”

“Can you tell me where you are? I will never harm you.”

Even from Liz's point of view, it was nice to see Oscar relieve his anger.

“It will be at the Gold Ocean Restaurant. I said we'd meet there It's an important position, so don't disturb it."

"yes. Do not worry. thank you."

Nade rushed out of the inn, thinking that he would make another mistake if he stayed longer.

'done! That's it!'

There was still a sense of distance, but it was a hundred times better than the severing of the relationship.

'You only like things like this. He smiled at me just a few days ago.'

Why do humans realize the value of something only after losing it?

'For now, I'll have to be satisfied with seeing it again.'

Nade checked Oscar through the window across the street from the restaurant.

At a gathering of five or six people, he was conversing with confident hand gestures.

“Sheesh, I hope.”

Does Oscar know what a blessing it is to be loved by Liz?

It may be irritating and annoying at times, but she was a noble woman who did not dare to make eye contact with anyone.

“When will it end anyway?”

The feeling of waiting outside to apologize to the woman he loved was the end of his misery.

The cold of autumn was added, perhaps because she was wearing thin clothes, but it probably wasn't just because of the weather.

'End quickly. End quickly.'

I put my hand under my armpit and waited for about an hour. After dinner, Oscar got up from his seat.

'Come out.'

Oscar, who opened the restaurant door himself and waited for the group to come out, adjusted his clothes and lowered his head.

“I had a good dinner, branch manager. Next time, I'll take you somewhere nice.”

“Chuck! I'm glad you got it in your mouth. I'm also looking forward to your insight.”

'and. Was that the branch manager?'

Nade stared at the middle-aged man with a bloated belly and his suit barely buttoned.

Acquiring official recognition was a great thing, but having dinner with the Magic Association's branch manager, Kreas, was unusual.

'Still, there seems to be something you can do. Well, if you want to live with Liz-senpai... … huh?'

A blonde woman in a red dress with a fur coat approached Oscar's side and gently crossed her arms.

“Dad, can I walk with this guy for a minute? Also to digest.”

"okay. Please escort my daughter well.”

"Do not worry."

Judging from the conversation, it was clear that it was the branch manager's daughter.

But what I couldn't understand was why such a woman would walk arm in arm with Oscar.

“… … What is it?”

---------------------------------------