[739] To the stars (3)

* * *

Minerva was not exaggerating when she called the Kingdom of Corona the Terrace of the Ivory Tower.

The size of the 468-story tower was the crystallization of magic, law, and engineering, and it had perfect stealth capabilities that no creature could reach on its own.

Sirone calmly gazed at the scenery outside the elevator until the color of the sky darkened.

Minerva asked in a soft tone.

“Aren’t you surprised?”

It was the first time I saw it with my own eyes, but I felt the whole in the realm of omnipotence, and the emotions that came back were calm.

"I don't know. Mysterious, but... … .”

“Whoa.”

When Minerva blew air into her ears, Sirone stunned and backed away.

“What are you doing all of a sudden?”

“No, I thought I lost my personality because my Kar was so low. I thought it might be a psychopath.”

Sirone trembled and wiped his ears.

“Can it be? Besides, what does blowing in your ears have to do with a psychopath?”

"okay? I don't think I could understand.”

The moment he looked into Minerva's eyes, Sirone felt his heart burn.

'This… … .'

There is no existence in the world that can pressure Sirone, who has mastered the scale of the universe, with only emotions.

'It's not my intention to kill. It's killing.'

How many lives do you have to end with your own hands to convey this feeling?

Right before she died, the fear pheromone emitted by the creature imbued Minerva with an indelible odor.

“Now you are looking at me.”

She tried countless times from the kingdom of Corona, but she was unable to tense the existence of the super sense.

So now she is 100%.

If the person in this room had been someone other than Sirone, he would have died of shock.

“Why didn’t you accept it?”

For the first time, the smile disappeared from Sirone's face.

“I don't want to fight. You won't understand.”

When Mirac Minerva was in the midst of terrorizing the world, her nickname was Death God.

Also, although not officially recorded, he was the most murderous human in human history.

"okay. You will never understand me.”

Witches have no personality, so there are no taboos.

“For me, the best way to solve a problem is to eliminate it. If the confrontation between Nane and Sirone is a problem, it will end if both of them are killed. No, at least one of them.”

Although it was a simple solution.

“But I couldn’t. If I had a 51% chance of killing you, I would have done it in Corona.”

I didn't see it until 51 percent.

“The stars are subjective. I don't want armed conflict, but it happens quite often. There is one last thing I want to confirm before going to Taeseong.”

Minerva's broom sweeper made a loud noise and shuddered.

“Forgive me.”

The energy of death rising from Minerva's body rose as if it would explode inside the elevator.

'death.'

I never counted how many I killed.

Calculated as population per unit area, the number of humans she killed was approximately 42 million.

42 million pheromones that can only be collected from dying creatures hit Sirone directly.

can you forgive

I might vomit blood first and collapse because I can't accept myself who needs to be forgiven.

"Yahweh."

Sirone embraced Minerva in a warm light.

“You have arrived.”

The stars who chatted with Taeseong on the last floor of the Ivory Tower heading to the Temple of Earth waited for the lift.

As the elevator, which had covered dozens of floors in an instant, slowly stopped moving in front of them, Tsuoi approached.

"congratulations. I never thought you would become a star.”

Since she had a record of killing Sirone's spirit in the kingdom of Tormia, it was appropriate for her to greet her as well.

“Huh!”

As soon as the elevator doors opened left and right, the blood drained from Tsuoi's face.

As the smell of apocalypse leaked out of the elevator, other stars also groaned.

“Is this, Black Death?”

It was the dark magic that Fermi had used in the graduation exam the other day, but it was a different level of intensity.

'Who the hell did this?'

Sirone and Minerva were standing side by side in the elevator that Louver was looking at.

“Minerva, when are you coming?”

Minerva's expression did not look good when she stepped out of the elevator first.

As she slowly looked around with cold eyes, no one made eye contact with her.

'This person is called the death god... … .'

Just smelling her body gave off a tingling fear.

"wait for a sec… … .”

Tsuoi, who had never seen Minerva in person, looked back at Sirone with a surprised expression.

'You said you rode the lift alone with someone like that?'

Sirone's expression was also not particularly good, but the fear she felt was nowhere to be found.

While the illusion of the brain watched expressionlessly, the dreamer Louver slowly approached and asked.

“Long time no see, Minerva. But inside the ivory tower, this murderous magic... … .”

“This has been decided.”

After Minerva interrupted Louver's words, she glanced at Sirone standing behind her and turned around.

“The Human Security Enforcement Department kills me.”

Sirone forgave Minerva.

“Let’s go, Brain.”

The Holy Brain, which could be said to be her direct subordinate, nodded and followed Minerva away.

“What’s that… … .”

Tsuoi turned around and muttered, but Sirone approached with a smile.

“It makes me see you again.”

It was already known that Sirone had reached the limitless state through Taeseong's ability, Gaia.

'But this... … .'

It feels like a newborn child suddenly became an adult in the blink of an eye.

“Are you really that kid back then?”

Even at that time, Sirone was a promising player that the world was paying attention to, but he fell far short of Tsuoi's standard.

“Were you the same height back then?”

“Don't play around! What happened? Does it make sense that I couldn't stop you after reaching this level?”

It was also the reason Minerva was suspicious.

"Iknow, right."

Nane's strength can only be known by those who dealt with it directly, so Sirone couldn't find a reason to explain it either.

“Welcome, Sirone-kun. Do you remember me?”

Sirone's eyes narrowed at the sight of Louver, who was a dreamer, but as expected, there was no big emotional fluctuation.

“You were an ivory tower dweller.”

“I work for the United Space Management Department. No status among the stars, but you need a leader. I guess I will follow your instructions from now on.”

It is because Mahagaruta of the Unified Space Management Department, which was the existing Five Great Stars, was liberated.

"hello. It’s a Twelve Mini.”

Mini, who was sitting on top of Borbor's head, stood up and waved her hands.

“It’s a 2-star, and I’m majoring in scale magic.”

Just looking at the size of the mini, it was possible to know the state, but the scale of the person standing in front of it was infinite.

To her, Sirone was a person who had reached the pinnacle of her major, so even though she was the same star, her eyes were full of selfishness.

“You don’t know how much my heart raced when I heard Taeseong-nim talk about it. If you could teach me the secret... … .”

“Time is running out right now.”

When Louver intervened, Minnie immediately shut up.

“Within 48 hours, Nane will liberate all the altars. Before that, let Taeseong receive the title of star.”

"If it's that urgent, wouldn't it be better to take care of mine first?"

Even though it was an ivory tower where the world's best wizards gathered, and even receiving a 5-star title, Sirone was indifferent.

Louver smiled kindly as if he had already expected it.

“Of course, but filling the vacancy in Oh Dae-seong is just as urgent. Tae-seong would think so too. Come follow me.”

Since it was an event of the United Space Management Department, residents in other departments dispersed that way.

Sirone, who was walking side by side with Louver, looked down at the sound he heard from the floor.

“Whoa! Whoa!”

Mini, who had jumped off Borbor, sprinted at full speed and followed Sirone.

"are you okay? It looks tough.”

“Ah, that… … When I release the scale, it gets too big. Do not worry. I run fast.”

Sirone got down on one knee and held out his palm.

“Get on here. let's go together."

Louver glared at him, but Minnie couldn't contain her burning desire.

“Then, take the risk.”

When Mini, who was seated in Sirone's palm, smiled, Louver shook his head and walked down the street.

"however… … I thought I would be able to choose which department I could work in.”

According to Arte, whom I met the other day, there are 5 departments in the Ivory Tower, and he chooses a department according to his own philosophy.

“Usually it is. But Oh Dae-seong is an exception. It would be more accurate to say that there is no particular meaning to the department.”

Minnie added.

“The Unified Space Management Department has a role that is closer to command among the departments of the Ivory Tower. It is the role of coordinating opinions with Taeseong on the agendas received from the other four departments.”

“Mr. Mahagaruta also worked in the closest place to Taeseong. You don't have to either... … .”

Louver, who reached the top of the ivory tower, turned to Sirone and pointed upward.

“You should know at least how to get up there.”

When Sirone raised her head, all she could see was the bluish sky outside the glass ceiling.

“You mean Taeseong is somewhere over there?”

“A place that cannot be accessed without Taeseong’s permission. Only Mr. Mahagaruta was allowed to enter at will. Now you will have to prove your qualifications.”

Since it was the universe, not the sky, even a wizard would not be able to fly through the sky.

'I can go.'

But even that wasn't the answer.

'Anyone can enter means that Taeseong doesn't have to open the door.'

Sirone put Mini down on the floor and said.

“Then I will go.”

The fact that Yahweh's light gathers in his hand means that all the information in the world is in the palm of his hand.

“Be open.”

At the end of the short voice, Sirone's body turned into light and disappeared.

“Wow, this… … .”

Mini opened her eyes wide, and Louver nodded as if guessing something.

“It is different from the Buddha who speaks right. Rather, it seems that everything in the world is willing to give up the truth for him.”

so it's a miracle

This universe loves Sirone enough to deny the existing law.

“… … How could that be?”

Louver looked up at the sky.

“Perhaps because he gave everything first.”

Earth Temple.

Arriving at Taeseong's resting place beyond space, Sirone looked around with calm eyes.

A neat-looking woman with stars in her eyes came down the stairs with her pure white clothes flying.

“You’re here, Hexa.”

There was sadness in Sirone's eyes.

“I’m sorry. Because I couldn’t call you my child.”

All creatures born from the stars must be children of Taeseong, but Sirone was an exception.

“Is there anyone more pitiful than you in this world? But think of this universe as your parent.”

Taeseong's hand caressing Sirone's cheek was cold, but it didn't feel cold.

“So, how does it feel to be a god?”

It must have been a joke to lighten the mood, but Sirone, who experienced Andre's 19,000 world, couldn't help but laugh.

“There is something I want to know.”

A look of embarrassment crossed Taesung's face.

“Am I a user (user)?”

This is the truth beyond infinity.

“Or is it a ghost that only exists in the system?”

---------------------------------------