[558] Steel door again (3)

* * *

that evening.

After the briefing, Iruki and Nade went straight to the research meeting.

When I opened the door and entered, Sirone was sitting on the sofa with a pale face.

"what? What's wrong with your expression?"

Iruki spoke and Nade rolled up his sleeves and approached.

“Why? My blood must dry as I imagine the scene of the slaughter that will unfold in the future. Come on. Let’s get everything right except for the mouth.”

"Guys… … .”

Sirone turned her head with a frightened expression.

“It’s a little strange here.”

“Yeah, that would be weird. It is the place where your body will be buried in the future.”

“Listen to me! Because it's real!”

"Noisy! The traitor has only his mouth alive!”

Nade's serious wrestling made Sirone feel like the world was spinning around.

“Aww! help me!"

This time, even Iruki didn't stop him.

"are you okay. won't die It just makes you no longer a man.”

"aha! That's a good idea!”

Sirone's eyes widened.

"for a moment! hahahaha! It tickles!”

"not there yet!"

Sirone struggled at Nade's persistent bullying.

“Hahahaha! ah! green onion! It really hurts!”

Only after a shrill scream broke out did Nade release Sirone and shake his hands.

“Hey, if you betray again in the future, you know then, right?”

“Okay, I got it.”

Iruki knocked on the sofa and said.

“Sit down for a moment. Let's listen. It must have been serious enough to write a will, right?”

It wasn't just this much to relieve his anger, but more than that, he wanted to hear the reason from Sirone.

Sirone, who had barely lost her tears, put aside her thoughts on portraiture for a moment and sat down.

“So what happened… … .”

The story lasted for two hours, but even that was compressed.

Nade blinked for a long time before asking.

“Are you writing a novel these days?”

“Because it’s real!”

I knew that Sirone wasn't the type to lie, but it was a difficult story to digest.

“Anyway, okay. Hmmm, so that's why I declined the evaluation. It's definitely the right decision. If you can't stand out with your score, it's important to make an impact in the graduation exam.”

Nade tapped his chest at Iruki's words.

"good! Don't worry, Sirone. I'll give you all the senior year information.”

Iruki sneered.

“Tell me what do you want me to tell you? The subject of being in last place in senior year.”

Sirone's eyes widened.

"what? last place? Nade, are you really in last place?”

“Ahaha, how did it happen?”

It was an unexpected result because Nade was always in the middle even though he wasn't passionate about magic.

“It’s because of me.”

When the leader of the three musketeers disappeared, Nade was the one who fell into futility the most, but he wasn't so weak that he left the burden to his friend.

"no. Absolutely not. In fact, I looked down on my senior year too much. They said you shouldn’t be sloppy like in the advanced class.”

Even Iruki acknowledged that.

'Anyway, since Sirone's back, Nade must come to his senses as well.'

Being left alone after all of my friends graduated would be the worst outcome.

“By the way, if Nade is in last place, then me, Maya, and Eider are out, so it means we’re in 27th place. Iruki, what rank are you?”

Iruki gave a short answer.

“Eighth.”

“Wow, are you Class One? amazing."

"what… … Since one guy has gone crazy, I have to balance it too.”

Nade pursed his lips with a hateful expression.

“Besides, I'm not that great. Because Amy is fifth.”

'Fifth place!'

Sirone's two fists naturally gained strength.

Last year, it was not bad for a mid-level pace as I took the test in 5th place in the final evaluation.

said Nade.

“Since you left, a total of three people have been promoted to Class One. Amy, Iruki, and Dante.”

“How high is Dante?”

“Fourth place.”

“… … .”

From now on, Sirone vowed to prioritize politics over skill, but when he heard the progress of his friends, he felt nervous.

“So three of the existing Class Ones went down to Class Two. Besides that, there is a significant change in the earth’s crust.”

“It was really intense.”

Nade clenched his fists in anger.

“Sheesh, after hearing what Sirone said, I understand now. That bastard Fermi, I wondered how he kept being number one, so he bought someone else’s magic.”

“That is an ability. And Sirone, you don't have to worry too much. He said he received special training from that great Mr. Miro.”

It was only then that Sirone remembered the portrait again.

“Right, listen to me.”

When Sirone explained about the ability to blow statues of Buddha, Nade opened his mouth in a daze.

"What are you talking about? What does it mean to perceive time differently?”

“I will show you.”

As Sirone stood up from her seat and entered the state of unity, the incarnation of a light angel rose up.

"this… … avatar?"

"huh. It's a law that destroys time. Like this… … .”

When Sirone, who had been walking with a golden afterimage, stopped, her body moved to the position it was in a second ago.

“… … .”

After a long silence, Iruki spoke.

"Right. You’re not saying you’ve jumped over time, but you’re perceiving time itself differently, right?”

"That's right. Besides, future events... … .”

At that moment, when another thumping sound was heard from the ceiling, Sirone raised her eyes wide and shouted.

“This is it! I can hear? Are you listening?”

Friends looked around.

“What do you hear? I can only hear you talking.”

Sirone turned his head to follow the screams outside the door.

“Look! Can’t you hear the fighting in the hallway?”

Iruki looked around the hallway and shook his head.

“Is there anyone around?”

Sirone released the poem Buddha statue bombardment with a dejected expression.

“Haha, why are you doing this?”

“What the hell is going on?”

As Shirone explained step by step, Iruki also made a puzzled expression.

“Isn’t that a side effect of your ability? Recognizing time differently... … .”

"That's not right. Haven't had any problems anywhere else. Only in Estas.”

“Hmm, Istasra… … .”

Sirone looked at Nade with a thoughtful expression.

“Do you have any guesses? You've uncovered the secret of my likeness before.”

“No, it’s not like that, I just remembered something I heard from a senior in the past. As you know, the Supernatural Psychic Research Society is a place where great seniors have been involved. That's why a long time ago, numerous dark research societies have set their sights on taking over this place.”

Iruki intervened.

“You mean rumors from the upper echelons? But if you listen to what Sirone said, wasn’t that just a labyrinth’s space-time?”

“I thought so too. But how would you explain the paranormal feeling Sirone felt right now? More than anything, the stories I heard from my immediate senior keep bothering me.”

“What did you hear?”

Nade said right away, as if he didn't even need to remember.

“In the upper layer of Istas, everything that cannot exist in this world exists. That's why I said that many research societies are trying to occupy this place.”

Sirone chewed on Nade's words.

"What can't exist in this world?"

“I don’t know. I don't even know seniors. Because it's a word that came down from the senior's senior, the senior's senior's senior. It could be just a rumor. Honestly, after hearing what you said, I thought that the secret of Istas had been completely solved. But now... … .”

“There must be something more.”

Iruki showed interest and rested his chin.

“It might be worth investigating. Could it be something hidden at specific coordinates of a building, like the construction of a maze?”

Nade shouted with her eyes shining.

"okay! I'm going to change the structure of the building! If I knew that it was a puzzle in which time and space worked, even Iruki would be able to calculate it.”

I didn't think Iruki was inferior to Sein in terms of brain function, but Sirone was worried in another way.

“Let’s not go too deep. We are in our senior year. It’s not enough even if you train hard every day.”

Iruki shook his finger.

“No. I have to because it's my senior year. Once you graduate, when will you come back here? I can't take this fun away from someone else.”

"That's right! Let's write a new history. Let's reveal the secret of Istas!”

Iruki took a bet on Nade's displeasure.

“You just don’t want to go to class.”

"no. I will work hard now. Because Sirone is back too.”

I sighed when I saw my friends who had strong momentum in the strange direction, but I had nothing to say as a person involved in the incident.

"good. Shall we start from now?”

Sirone raised her hand to stop it.

“No, that won't work. I have somewhere to go today.”

"huh? Where are you going at this hour?”

“I thought I should tell Amy. She will be sad to know that she heard it later than you guys.”

Also, it was Sirone who was reluctant to let her friends fall too far into this side.

“Well, if you’re going to get hit anyway, it’s better to get hit early. The number of hawks will double as the day goes by.”

"haha! that's right. Also, let's solve the Eastas problem on the weekend if possible. There are 15 weeks left until the graduation exam, so there is plenty of time.”

Iruki nodded.

“Then let’s break up for now. Even if you can’t enter the evaluation room, you can still see it at the cafeteria.”

After making ends meet, the three left the warehouse in Estas, and it was already late at night when they arrived at the dormitory.

'Wouldn't it be too late?'

Back in the room, Sirone was conflicted for a moment, but somehow he was sure she wasn't sleeping.

“Yes, I should go.”

Having made up her mind, Sirone put on her coat and turned the doorknob.

And the next moment, he was frozen in place.

Standing there was Amy, as surprised as Sirone.

“… … .”

It was a strange coincidence that they met through a door, but Amy's eyes had calmed down before she knew it.

“I was in the room. Where were you going?”

"uh? No, actually... … I was going to go see you.”

"okay."

Amy pointed to the room when Sirone was unable to speak due to the unexpected reaction.

“Can I come in for a minute?”

"of course."

Sirone gave Amy a chair and sat on the bed, waiting for the right moment to open her mouth in an awkward atmosphere.

"excuse me… … .

The two spoke at the same time, and Amy kicked the ball.

“Tell me first.”

"huh. I want to clarify. Why did you have to leave? So I... … .”

"wait for a sec. I'll just tell you first.”

In an unexpected situation, Sirone swallowed his saliva.

“Let me do that. Because I want to make it clear before my heart weakens.”

before your heart grows weak.

Aiji hasn't revealed anything yet, but Sirone's heart skipped a beat just hearing that.

“Sirone, no matter what explanation you give, I have no intention of forgiving you.”

“Amy… … .”

“I know you won’t misunderstand, but I’ll make sure. It's not that I won't see you in the future or that I'm breaking up with you. just i... … .”

Amy, who hesitated, raised her head again.

“With you gone like that, I had no choice. Should I keep waiting for you like this, or should I just forget about it?”

"I understand. Sorry."

Even with ten mouths, there was nothing to say.

Although life and death cannot be calculated with probability, it was a journey that assumed that there would be no return.

Amy said with an effort to keep a smile on her face.

“So, that’s just how it is. If you're expecting something from me, or if you think you can go back to the time before you left, there's no need to explain. you are still a good friend What do I mean... … .”

Amy suddenly stopped talking and put on a blank expression.

Before entering the room, she ran countless simulations in her head, but this was an unexpected situation.

---------------------------------------