final chapter (1)

infinite space.

'Everything is an illusion.'

However, a phenomenon that cannot simply be called an illusion because the mind is directed toward it.

'This is my beginning.'

The first illusion that Sirone chose was the moment when iron poles were planted in this world.

You probably don't have to check, but I wanted to make sure I was on my long journey.

Earth Temple of the Ivory Tower.

When he opened his eyes, what he saw beneath his feet was his beautiful blue planet.

'and… …

Veron, who had just planted an iron pole, was receiving Nane's sermon from the ground.

Nane's sword became infinitely huge, and left a single wound on the earth as if it were razing the planet.

Taeseong asked.

"How about this? I know it because I've dealt with it myself. If it were Sirone, would it be possible to stop the current sermon?”

Her words were proof.

'I'm back.'

Taeseong frowned.

“… … Sirone?”

Rather than not having an answer, the problem was the look in Sirone's eyes that seemed to know everything.

“Taesung.”

“Ah, I… …

As if a system crash had occurred, she looked as perplexed as ever.

'If I tell the truth, history will change.' Of course, the trio of the 12 apostles, Uorin, and Richard will stick to the existing history.

“I’ll be back.”

It was meaningless anyway.

His body was released by the light of the Miracle Stream, and he arrived at the earthly altar in an instant.

Veron, who was about to die, said to Shura.

“Go to Hexa. Don't make the meaning I left behind in this world meaningless.”

“No! You know how much I hate that kid! What about the Ten Commandments?”

In a slightly twisted history, Sirone could hear their conversation for the first time.

'Did I know?'

Eventually, Shura came to him, and the iron pole he left behind became humanity's only hope.

Sirone looked up at the sky.

'me : yes.'

The moment I saw his face contemplating the world indifferently, the fire boiled inside again.

'If you subdue the Buddha... …

An unhappy future does not come.

Raising the ability of the mind to the limit, Sirone quickly headed towards Nane.

'Hand of God.'

Even at that time, they clashed over the truth of the universe, but looking back, how immature they were.

'It's not like that. Truth is... … It was the heart of all mankind and the pain equivalent to it, which cannot be defined by simple logic.

"me : yes!"

Nane's eyes widened as the Photon Cannon was born on the palm of the giant light.

“That… …

What kind of realization is this?

However, the surprise was short-lived, and Nane's body shuddered and her eyes went blank.

“Sirone.”

Slightly angry tone.

Nane held out her palm toward the photon cannon that pierced the atmosphere at tremendous speed.

Daeil Yeolae.

The Buddha's realm, equivalent to Yahweh, made Nane's body as bright as the sun.

pop

The Photon Cannon was destroyed in vain, and Nane asked with a sad expression.

“Yahweh, are you really unable to give up?”

'Tachion.'

I also reached this point by transcending time and space with an imaginary signal.

'As expected, it's not easy.'

Sirone said.

“You really give up. I have to go this far, to be considerate of mankind’s earnestness.”

“If that heart wakes up, is it just an illusion?”

Nane's arms moved.

“If you can’t get rid of the passions, you have no choice but to endlessly repeat the reincarnation of the Sabah world.”

Cuckoo Cuckoo!

The incarnation of Dainichi Nyorai, rising above the horizon, began to put his palms together as if to contain the world.

Painful memories came to mind.

'no.'

" tree."

Even the chant Nane recited made my mind dizzy like a trauma.

" Customs??????

Sirone turns around.

“Amy!”

The two palms of Dainichi Nyorai gently covered the world and touched completely.

“Mumum.”

One life was lost.

I didn't see it with my own eyes, but it was vivid in my head as if I had seen it.

"??????uh'?"

Nane's face was seen in the eyes of Sirone, who turned her head stiffly.

“Do not ignore the truth, Yahweh.”

“???????? uh uh?”

The next moment, Sirone, imbued with tremendous life force, was shot at Nane like an arrow.

"Naneeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

and.

“Sermon.”

The world flared up, and Sirone's consciousness was cut off.

“Huh!”

In the realm of infinite infinity where nothing exists, Sirone opened her eyes to consciousness.

'mistaken.'

It felt like my heart was being torn apart.

'I'm sorry, Amy.'

Thus, the first journey ended without ever meeting the person he loved.

'But now I know.'

The moment Sirone tries to change Nane's life, Nane is also tracking her.

'There must be a way. As long as Amy is alive, she can fight with Yahweh. If only I defeat you... …

Things will be easier than you think.

"Goes."

After the second illusion, the universe began to be born again in the realm of infinite infinity.

As long as there was an iron pole, there was no fear of getting lost.

Uorin's brow furrowed.

“Huh!”

Sirone's tachyon was exposed to the time wave while acting on the iron pole.

“Has the first round already ended?”

Kido's expression wasn't good either.

Getting hit by a wave faster than normal time felt like life itself was being consumed.

“How fast is it?”

Uorin shook her head.

"I don't know. There is no fixed value because it is in the form of vibration, but about 8 hours have passed per second.”

It was a huge speed.

Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

As she raised her head to the vibrations coming from outside, Huama looked towards the entrance.

A crowd of demons could be seen in the distance.

“It’s a start.”

Those who had won the war between good and evil were coming to claim the last spoils.

“The counting begins.”

At the point when the end of mankind entered the countdown, the world leader's vote ended quickly.

It would take about 10 minutes to count the votes, but in fact, the results were already known.

Armin was lost in thought as Rampa and the card players turned their hands.

'Shina.'

He was not included in the list of survivors, as he had not been identified before.

'Please stay alive.'

Keira approached Armin holding hands.

"drink."

Armin, who was handed the car, smiled.

"thank you."

“You don’t have to pretend to be calm. Anyway, you should know that you love your brother.” Armin spoke again.

"thank you."

Keira burst out laughing and asked Armin while looking up at the ceiling.

“What are you going to do when the war is over?”

It was a word that didn't fit the situation, but maybe it would be okay to think like that.

“I will draw a picture.”

"haha! You mean that from the espionage days? Well, it was quite usable. but are you okay? A wizard would be better to feed me.”

“There is something I want to put on the canvas.”

" What'?"

"I don't know either."

“What?”

“I can’t decide yet. I'll wait. The scene, the moment, the situation that I want to show to all mankind. I am waiting for you to draw it.”

"I see."

A smile formed on Keira's lips.

“It’s you.”

The door is open.

“The counting is over. Cyrano, who stood on the podium of the World Map Bureau, made the announcement.

“With this, all kingdoms will wage a final stand centered on Tormia. I list Pony, the king of Tormia, as the leader of the world map.”

The plaza was filled with applause.

There was no disagreement as it would be the harshest position even for the king of the world.

The Vatican of Lamie religion, which competed with Yahweh, had no choice but to confront the truth of Melkidu.

“Then I will listen to the ballot.”

Cyrano stepped aside and Pony stepped onto the podium.

"I am… …

She paused for a long time and looked at the people.

'I am the leader of the world.'

Even if only responsibility was left, no, rather, I was satisfied with it.

'It's a dream come true.'

So, let's say what we want to say.

“As the King of Tormia, I always tried to be humble towards other countries.”

The hall was quiet.

“It's not because Tormia is weak or other countries are strong. It is because behind me were the people whom I loved and respected so much, their lives and lives.

all."

if it is a responsibility.

“And now, in a position of responsibility for all of humanity, I will again be most humble. The authority in my hands is not given by God, but by you.”

Pony spread her palms.

“If someone can die to end this war, I will gladly give my life!”

As she clenched her fists and shouted, a loud roar erupted.

"let's fight! let's fight!"

Their morale was high, and they were determined to never lose in their own eyes.

'It's approaching.'

to Ultima.

And at this moment, only one person kept his mouth shut with a bitter expression.

It was Zetaro, the last survivor of Gustav's 4th skill.

said Quan.

“It is not a matter of eternal life.”

To be precise, it was the crown that boarded his body.

“In the final destination of reincarnation, death has no special meaning. Then why do I live?”

Shiina was listening.

“It is a question of existence. How far can you go? If we stay too long, and if there is nothing new there, we too will collapse.”

It was the providence of the universe.

“Missing Link. oblivion is necessary The Illuminati are fighting nothing. Because if there is nothing in the first place, it just becomes nothing.”

Shiina didn't know.

“What happened to Mr. Kuan? You promised. He said he would fix the broken part.”

said Crown, limping.

“It’s really uncomfortable, this body. How did you fight? Could it be that I was scammed?”

“Don’t talk back!”

Crown laughed.

“I restored the severed nerves with mine. But the mind is not something I can touch, right?”

"lie! You are the cheater! If it's blocking Quan from coming out... …

“Well, there is no way to prove it. But it's true. Honestly, I want to hear the manual too. How the hell do you manipulate this? I can't fight like this."

“Who the hell… … !”

Just as Shiina was about to argue, a roar erupted from the sky.

“Hmm.”

Twelve dragons attacked Terra Force's ships intercepting the ground.

“It started.”

Balls and children are not important to the Illuminati.

I just want to find something in the error of this world that occurred with miraculous probability.

'A world that rejects oblivion.'

Maybe the outside world has reached this stage too easily?

'It's a way to go beyond infinity.'

The moment Shiina stopped, Terra Force fighters appeared from all sides.

“Humanity, the judgment is over. We will judge you according to the will of God.”

“Try to do something. You made God, so you can convince them too.”

Crown shrugged.

“But I am not a god. The thing about God, that computes the multiverse... …

The combatants rushed.

“Remove it!”

“Kuk!”

Shiina cast freezing magic, but the strangeness of alien technology surpassed magic.

“Terraforce is strong.”

"you!"

The moment Shiina glared fiercely at Crown's attitude of talking like it was someone else's business.

“Do not resist! There will be no pain!”

A combatant crushed her and held a plasma-forged sword to her throat.

“Quan!”

Hearing Shiina's voice, Crown felt a complete change of consciousness.

"......what?"

Something huge was coming.

“Huh?”

-Protect Shiina.

A single signal was received in my brain, and the scenery of the world was shattered like fragments.

"wow."

Because it is the Illuminati, it can be guessed

The truth made Crown shudder.

'This guy's thinking is the symmetry of the universe

break.'

extremes of asymmetry.

In the next instant, the combatants all rolled down the axis of the rapidly tilting world.

gone