[46] Limitless (5)

“Oh, Amy… … ?”

Sirone blankly recalled her face. As her target type is her main specialty, her targeting speed was definitely amazing.

However, 987 points was a record that could not be broken.

“Senior Amy shows great concentration in real battles. Well, that part resembles you. She must have never missed first place until she entered her senior year?”

How many monsters are there in the world? No, because this is a magic school. It was as if the whole world was full of talented people.

“I don’t need to break the record, so feel free. Before 987 points came out, it was said that the highest score was around 700 points. The teachers said it was a score that would not be broken for the next 10 years.”

It was a pretty big gap. Sirone also did not fall into frustration from the beginning and set the first goal at 700 points. There are 3 weeks left before the exam. I had to find a way to raise the score within it.

'I won't stand it. never!'

Sirone clenched both fists.

* * *

Sirone was immersed in the sequence ceremony whenever he had time. If I couldn't count the numbers faster than Iruki's calculation speed, I would win at any cost.

Currently, the number of numbers that can be grouped with modularization is 20. In other words, it was a level where the number went up by 20 at a time. However, this was not enough to keep up with the enormous unit compression power of logs.

'shit. What should I do?'

Sirone spent all night in the training ground casting photon output. Although the speed of the zero bag has improved significantly, only 10,000 units can be counted in one minute.

'Iruki filled 1 million on the first day. I have to count more, faster.'

As well as the sequence formula, it was necessary to know the test method. It wouldn't be difficult to score 1,000 points if the targets poured out indefinitely from the beginning, but there was a certain pattern.

10 come up in the first step, and after removing them all, 11 come up in the second step. It was a method in which the number of targets increased as the steps continued to rise for one minute.

Therefore, if you didn't step up quickly from the beginning, you couldn't get a big score even if you tried hard later.

'After all, this is zero hundred. Depending on who gets through the steps first, the difference can be hundreds of points later.'

Practice ended at dawn. The day began and ended when I went back to the dorm, went to sleep, and went back to the training ground a few hours later to practice the sequence sequence.

During the practice test period, the training ground was quiet because integrated classes were eliminated and classes were held in turn.

Students waited for their turn in the image zone while sharing their know-how or practicing sequence ceremonies. However, Sirone didn't even want to wait in line, so she focused on the sequence until the end.

When it was finally her turn, Sirone entered the image zone and poured out her achievements so far. Like a creature, every time the target touched the jagged spirit zone, a flash of photon output flashed.

As they adapted to active magic, it was possible to use photon output even while omitting magical actions. Then, without looking back, I was able to hit the target.

The final score was 567 points. Shirone regained his confidence because his score was higher than Iruki's in the previous demonstration. On the other hand, students' confidence decreased. 

“I raised more than 200 points in one week. what's this No matter how talented you are, this is a complete foul.”

“It’s just that you’ve adapted to the offensive spirit zone. Magical action can increase its power, but it's difficult to link because it creates an obsession. It seems to me that it casts more than four times per second.”

As the number of students using the image zone decreased and it finally became empty, Iruki belatedly appeared. He was the one who had been sitting in the corner doing nothing and resting idly.

“Will it be my turn this time?”

Smiling at Sirone, he activated the device. The spirit zone of the breakaway type has become smaller than before, and now it is the size of a fist.

The splendidly moving Spirit Zone removed the target. Sirone, who uses the flash of light, is also gorgeous, but Iruki's sense of speed is also very exciting.

After one minute, Iruki walked away with his hands behind his back without even checking the score. Final score 568 points. It was just one point ahead of Sirone.

It could be dismissed as a coincidence, but Sirone had a hunch that this was also a calculation of Servant abilities.

As a result, the predictions were correct. Every training session, Sirone's skills improved, but the light was faded by the demonstration of Iruki, who always leads by one point.

Stimulated, Sirone worked even harder on the sequence ceremony. The number of numbers bound by modularization exceeded 100. The time it took to zero-back was only an instant, and the performance of the Spirit Zone went up beyond recognition. I realized that the shorter the zero bag, the less time I can maintain the spirit zone, but since durability is a long term, it seemed that I could endure it somehow if it was about 1 minute.

Sirone's score increased day by day. He far exceeded the average score of 500 for Class Five, and eventually reached the 600 mark.

But always the winner was Iruki. In addition, the situation itself leading by one point was dramatic, so the children were more excited about Iruki's performance than Sirone's.

The last training time before the exam is back.

In most cases, the scores obtained in the final check are reflected in the actual test, so the concentration of students was higher than ever.

Sirone gritted his teeth and proceeded to remove the target. Flashes of light shot out in all directions, as if his body had turned into luminescent material.

When the splendid festival of lights ended, the students screamed indiscriminately.

Final score of 700 points. Excluding the record set by Amy, it was a score that was close to the highest record of Class Five.

“That score is really possible. I thought I would see the 700 points with my own eyes.”

“If you don’t pass the 10th step within 10 seconds, you can’t get to the 700 mark. How many do you explode in one second?”

Sirone checked the score and clenched his fists. It was a whopping 70 points higher than the previous class. Moreover, I finally reached the 700 points I was aiming for.

As Sirone came down the stairs, Iruki passed by and said.

"congratulations. 700 points is definitely great. The growth rate is frightening.”

“Because I never want to lose to you.”

“Cheuk, that’s right. But don't be careless. The exam hasn't even started yet."

Sirone snorted and came down the Image Zone. And when I turned around, Iruki was already starting the speed gun.

The students burst into exclamation.

"wow! It is the ability that makes John so small.”

Iruki reduced the spirit zone to the size of a marble. It was difficult to see even afterimages because they were moving so fast.

Puff pup pup pup pup!

As if the targets exploded on their own, explosions were heard in succession centered on Iruki in the center of the image zone.

After Iruki's demonstration, Shirone's face turned pale. Final score 701 points. The score of Sirone, who had jumped more than 70 points by doing his best, was once again reduced by one point.

The students couldn't control their excitement at Iruki's showmanship and let out a cheer. The exam itself is right around the corner, but the competition between the two rivals was so fierce that they forgot even that.

'701 points? Another one point difference?'

Sirone was nervous for the first time. Cold sweat broke out on my palms and my saliva dried up. I would not have been so nervous if Iruki had put all his strength into scoring the highest score.

But again, it was a one-point difference. In the end, it was said that if you put in your best effort, you can score higher than now.

The test period is next week, but since Class Five's schedule is the fastest, there are only three days left. Can we close the gap in it? Shirone, embracing all kinds of anxiety, went down the training ground powerlessly.

* * *

A favorite holiday of students. On a day like today, it is normal for young men and women to walk around in pairs, but Central Park was quiet because the exam was right around the corner.

On the other hand, Seriel hummed across the park as if a day like this was perfect for a walk. She had submitted an application for a promotion to the senior class, so the exams for the advanced class were now someone else's business.

“Amy! Here it is, here!”

Amy was reading a book by the fountain. She was still pretty, but as I got closer to her, her eyes puffed out and her naturally thin body became thinner.

"wow! I was skinny while I didn't see it. Senior year must be tough.”

Amy smiled and handed over the papers.

“Welcome to Hell. Now, here’s the senior year material you asked for.”

It was data that recorded the grades and major specialties of the graduating class students. It was not an expedient because anyone in the senior class could read it.

"thank you. let's sit down Would you like something to drink?”

“Let’s have coffee. I think I live with coffee in my mouth these days.”

The two entered the cafe and sat on a bench with two cups of coffee. And without much conversation, I watched the flying birds and killed time without hesitation.

Unlike other girls, Amy wasn't the kind of person who liked to talk. Moreover, this silence was the best rest she could not taste in her senior year.

The reason why the talkative Seriel doesn't say anything is because Amy smells like a tired warrior. Although he was thin, he had an aura unique to his senior year.

There is a saying that classes make people. She said that every day would be hell for Amy, but while she endured there, she could see that she had already made a huge difference from the advanced class.

'Surely that part will work. I'll have to get promoted soon too.'

Amy, who was sipping on the empty iced coffee, was the first to speak.

“How is Sirone these days?”

“Why didn’t you ask? Have you really never met? Haven't you heard the rumors?"

"I don't know. There is no time to meet, and the senior class is an advanced class and the class itself is different. I heard that Sanuel went as an assistant the other day.”

"I see. Actually, interesting things have been happening at Class Five lately.”

Amy, biting on a straw, turned her head with a look that said, "What are you talking about?" Like a fish in water, Seriel began to chatter about her. The main point of the story was that the confrontation between Shirone and Iruki was exciting ahead of the speed gun test.

“You reduced units using logarithms? that's fresh Well, should I say Iruki-like?”

"huh? Do you know Iruki?”

“Of course you know. Because they were classmates. Of course, I didn't see it for long because I was promoted quickly. is that him? Servant Syndrome.”

"what? do you really know Have you even talked? It seems that you are not friendly with people.”

"huh. When I first entered Class Five, he came up to me and talked to me.”

Seriel opened her eyes wide and shouted.

"what? You mean he flirted with you? what should I do! So, this is a showdown between rivals over the person they love, right? What a scoop!”

“You are laughing. he's kinda weird I think something is right, but I don't agree. She thinks maybe what she did to Sirone she was trying to do to me. As soon as I saw it, I felt sorry for him. What did you not do? I think he turned off her attention because I was a woman.”

“Hmm, that’s right. Are you saying you're a genius hunter? Sirone must have been caught unluckily.”

“Until you can’t do it. It's a hurdle you have to go through. Anyway, I'm going to have a hard time. It's a targeting test, and if Iruki uses the log, he'll get a pretty high score.”

Seriel glared at her with piercing eyes.

“Where is that word? My boyfriend is in jeopardy. Even if you can't help, you have to cheer with your heart. What will you do if Shirone loses to Iruki?”

“If you compete, you can lose, so why are you making such a fuss?”

Unlike before, Amy didn't seem to feel any special inspiration. She is probably because she is fighting a battle every day that is incomparable to the advanced class.

Seriel felt very sad about that fact.

"You've never lost! I want to see two undefeated legends dating! So hurry up and tell Sirone to cheer up. I will deliver it myself.”

"it's okay. Are you trying to convey it in a strange way again? This time it's not a promotion test, it's a practical evaluation. Shirone is also a kid whose goal is to be in her senior year. It will be a good experience.”

“Then tell me at least the secret to getting a high score with the speed gun. you are the record holder 987 points.”

“Hmm. But if I can give you any advice, Sirone will already figure it out. It's not that I'm not interested, but Sirone is really good. I heard it's already over 700 points. I only benefited from the others because I was specialized in the target type.”

---------------------------------------