Singularity (2)

"what?"

Ryan's expression became serious.

Apparently, the reason why Rian awakened was because the genes of Ogent and Smille were inherited.

'Hyung too??????

Further up, my grandfather, Ogent Klump, brought the Idea out of his mind.

Gai raised one corner of his mouth.

“You didn’t think you were the chosen one, did you?”

"at all. but… …

It was not something anyone could reach just because memories remained in their genes.

Idea, the ultimate of divine transcendence.

“How far have you gone?”

"well. You can tell by looking at it yourself.”

Lian looked up at the thick smoke rising from beyond the imperial castle, Marsak.

It meant that Sirone had come close enough to the capital, though still far away, to be able to see it with the naked eye.

Lian aimed the great straight sword.

“Finish quickly. I don't have time.”

“You seem to be mistaken.”

Guy kicked off the ground and charged.

“Your time ends here.”

The moment Gai's sword struck the great sword, Lian's right arm was grotesquely twisted.

“The body of the yaksha.”

Functionally speaking, it would be the body wielding the mind.

“You look so easy.”

Guy's top burst open with a pop, revealing rock-hard muscles.

Wooddeuk. Wooddeuk.

A haze shimmered behind him as if he had become fuel, and his body took the form of a yaksha.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Guy, who had pushed Lian away with great power, delivered an unbelievable series of attacks.

True to the nickname of a berserker, it was only one attack, and Lian could not read the sword's trajectory.

“Huh!”

As Mach's blow split the world horizontally, countless afterimages disappeared like illusions.

Gai's side was cut in half, and blood welled up from both of Rein's shoulders at the same time.

“Hehe. Heh heh heh.” The expressions of the two people watching each other's wounds regenerate were completely opposite.

“Can I tell you something?”

Gai lowered his sword obliquely and said.

“Just because the Akashic Records restore information doesn’t mean you are immortal.”

Ryan was listening.

“Physics is nothing more than a representation. It's just a result of being implemented by a signal. When you cut a human, you think that death is because the body is separated, but behind that, the information that makes up the body is manifested.”

it's called life

“Idea restores information, not the body. So even if you lose your head, you can survive. but… …

Gai lowered his lower body and grabbed the sword in reverse.

“How about cutting information?”

As he swung his sword wide, Gai's arm exploded and the world split into two.

“Keugh!”

It had already been disintegrated into Gai's black powder, and Lian, who had no strength to evade, raised his great straight sword to block it.

'It is not destroyed.'

Of course, 〈Idea〉 remained upright even in the midst of splitting up the information of the world.

However, the vibration that permeated the sword was enough to crush all of Lian's finger bones.

“Cheak!”

The moment Gai dropped the Daejikdo on the ground, Gai kicked the ground.

“Information is also a physical force.”

Lian looked down at her crumbled palm and gritted her teeth.

'I can't recover.'

The information contained in Gai's sword destroyed Lian's information recorded in the Akashic Records.

"how is it? Isn't it cool?”

Lian hurriedly threw himself away, and Gai caught up and cut his body.

“A genius named Ogent.”

Although he escaped dismemberment, Lian's body was a messed up spear with traces of Gai's cuts.

'Is it cool?'

Ryan remembered.

It is not a memory with an image, but in the feeling transmitted through the genes, Ogent... … .

'It's not cool at all.'

He was just one man struggling to live.

“Big!”

Breathing is the hardest.

The hardest thing is to exhale one more hohm even though the borderline of death has already been passed.

'Move.'

<Idea> flew in front of Lian with both hands hanging down and blocked it.

It vibrated with a huge shock wave, but the Daejik Sword withstood Gai's power to the end.

said Ryan.

“Did that happen?”

He was always cool-headed and sensible.

“Is that why you went crazy?”

Just because you want to be the best at something like a sword?

“I am the strongest!”

The moment Gai raised his arms again to strike, Lian's finger bones regenerated.

Grabbing the handle of the great sword with both hands, he rotated his body with great force.

"I've given up my beliefs!"

Both the vertical and horizontal swords were fast enough to be undetectable by the human eye.

“Gagging!”

Ryan's speed was much faster.

Kurrurrurrung!

All the buildings within a huge radius collapsed, and Gai, whose upper and lower body was separated, fell to the ground.

“Tsk tsk, then yes. I wondered if he had grown up a little, but he still couldn’t take off the maknae.”

Guy's lower body began to regenerate from the waist down.

“What if I only cut the body? You taught me how to kill.”

Lian pointed the straight sword at Guy's chin.

"Come back. It's your last chance. I don't care what my brother did. Live with responsibility for the rest of your life.”

Gai, who returned to his normal body, flung himself away from where Rian was aiming.

“It’s your responsibility… …

And Guy, who was lost in thought, smiled.

“What are you doing these days?”

Just a moment ago, they tried to kill each other like enemies, but Lian responded obediently.

So it was a family.

"article. I am Sirone's sword. As long as my lord is trying to save the world, he is my enemy.”

“Sirone? Ah, Sirone.”

Oh Dae-seong of the Ivory Tower.

"good. I'll just let you go today Fighting while hanging around

Embarrassed.”

“Brother go too.”

Guy pointed to the back.

“You don’t have time to worry about me, do you?”

The smoke created by Sirone's destruction filled the sky.

He knew that his anger would not be relieved by simply massacring tens of millions of demons.

'damn.'

Ryan said as he looked around town.

“First, I will save people. Brother, don't do anything, just stay. Talk to you again when this is sorted out.”

“Not fun. Would you go out with a girl if you were serious about everything?”

Ryan turned around.

“… … I mean alive.”

What remained in the place where Lian left was not only the cold air after the death struggle.

“Family.”

Come to think of it, it seems that there is such a thing as a family.

“Run away! Run away!”

In the distance, I could see the splendid and huge walls surrounding the Gustaf capital.

Sirone's face was pale as she walked from a distance of 100 kilometers while defeating demons.

They fought for more than 24 hours without a break, and the aftermath of the Ataraxian bullet system was truly enormous.

When the wave of light disappeared, the demons scattered in all directions glanced back.

“Are you satisfied now?”

The command given by the corps commanders was 'Just die' until Sirone's anger is resolved.

“Ataraxia… …

Tears of blood flowed from Sirone's eyes as he floated a huge magic circle.

“Hex bullets.”

The demons' eyes widened.

“Aaaaaaaaa!”

Once again, an enormous curtain of light spread, and a beam of light at the speed of light blew up everything outside the capital.

And at that point, the death toll of the demons exceeded 200 million, equivalent to 20% of the army of hell.

'It's refreshing.'

Feeling the world being purified, Sirone looked up at the sky and sobbed.

'If only it had been like this from the beginning... …

Wouldn't the voice be sacrificed?

“What is love?”

what a terrible place

Is she enduring endless pain while being caught in the cruel environment of hell?

'He's a strong man. More than anyone I know... …

I remembered the image of Seong-eum boldly accepting the pain with her back straight.

However, the image immediately changed to an imagination of voice screaming and screaming.

“Die!”

Particles of light spread around Sirone, and once again the demons dispersed in smoke in an almost stopped time. The demons watching from the high sky spoke to the 2nd Corps Commander, Merania.

“It was a big deal. I don't see any signs of letting go. Will this be the end of the world?”

If it went on like this, it was only a matter of time.

“I guess so.”

Merania, who was looking at the ground while lying in the air, twisted the central axis and stood up.

“I guess I have no choice but to go.”

The demons were surprised.

"It's not possible! Why would the most beautiful and pure of the demons want to go! Aren’t there other corps commanders?”

More than anything, wasn't it the 2nd place in the ranking?

“What can I do? I don't know if it's killing Yahweh, but if it's the one who gets hurt, I'm the right person.”

her demon world is darkness.

It is impossible to measure how great Yahweh's anger is, but he was the perfect person to hold out until the anger is resolved.

The demon burst into tears.

“Aww! Miss Merania! It's not possible!"

“Don’t come. It's not worth seeing.”

Leaving the demons behind, Merania quickly descended to the ground.

Amid the bombardment of light at tremendous speed, she held out her white hand.

As the disk-shaped black curtain rotated, it sucked in all the Photon Cannons.

“Brigade commander!”

The demons who noticed the change in the situation stopped escaping and gathered at her all at once.

“The corps commander has arrived! It's half price from now on!”

The moment she opened the Pandemonium, Sirone wouldn't be able to go as far as she is now.

“What are you?”

Merania's pupils shook as Sirone, whose mental powers were still amplified, approached.

'Buddha.'

If the future is fixed, is it an inevitable history that Yahweh became a Buddha at some point?

“Stop your anger. No matter how much we hate it, isn't this too much? you are original... …

"shut up."

Sirone opened her eyes and approached.

“Something like a dirty demon.”

The brigade commanders guarding Merania's side crumpled their faces and held out their weapons.

“How dare you call the corps commander… … !”

Merania raised her hand to block it.

“As the psychic realm was closed, the demons lost their hometown. Your anger is not our fault. What she brought on herself, why take out her anger on us?”

“Is that why you feel unfair?”

“Ma is originally like this. Why do you force repentance? It is humans, not us, who must repent.”

A photon cannon flew by.

A black curtain opened reflexively, but it pierced through and hit Merania's face.

“Brigade commander!”

Merania, who was motionless with her upper body tilted back, slowly returned to her posture.

Blood ran down her beautiful face.

“I will tell you.”

Sirone moved on.

“Whether humans commit evil or not, whether or not demons came from humans… … There is no fraternity.

“You guys repent.”

As the eyes of the demons burned red, Merania spoke before they acted.

“Asmodians do not repent.”

“Then die.”

As Sirone came closer, all the demons prepared to fight with the risk of extinction.

The moment a huge sphere of light rises above Sirone's head and vibrates terribly.

“Brigade commander!”

Merania knelt down on the floor.

The Demons were shocked to see the second greatest man in Hell being humiliated in a human way.

“Stand up! We will fight!”

Merania raised her head.

“Tease as much as you want, until the anger subsides. I will not refuse any punishment from you.”

Becoming a Buddha must be prevented unconditionally.

Her face was so pure and bright that it touched the heart of the viewer... … .

Sirone just looked down coldly.