[82] Wizard's Battle (3)

Feeling alive, Ethella looked around. A shadow leaped out of the blackness of the air at breakneck speed and hit her chin.

'fist?'

Then dozens of shadow fists flew in. Ethella crouched down and covered his vitals with both arms. Even in the midst of the dull sound of blows echoing through the mountains, he did not budge as if he had taken root.

'Hoo? Can you survive this?'

Anyone else would have broken bones all over the body. However, Etella's eyes through the guards were still clear.

“I admit my toughness, but let’s stop it.”

Shadow hands appeared from all sides and grabbed Etella in a groggy state. Her limbs stretched out as the power of darkness gripped her wrists and ankles. Her oversized glasses were cracked and tilted, and blood was dripping from her lips.

Arcane cast Poison Cutter. It was a triple mix magic that was much more difficult than fusion magic by giving toxicity to the rotating darkness.

Magic as sharp as a blade rushed through the air. Sensing that it was an instant death technique, Etella cut off the shadow with all her might, then took a deep breath and let out a sound.

Aaaaaaaaaaa!

The high-frequency roar of the high-pitched roar as it slashed down the bush shattered the darkness of Arcane like smoke.

It was the shout of perm, a monk's skill.

Karsis Jung, the ancestor of the Karsis Monastery, said early on that the awakening that awakens the human spirit comes with a roar. The roar of the wave was a roaring sound that broke the evil magic. It was the same reason that a human being who had sinned was startled by the sound of thunder.

Buried in the roar, Arcane shuddered. Her skin tingled and her hair stood on end. A woman in her mid-twenties could utter the shout of perm, which she had never seen before even in her 130-year life.

'Hehe, that's why I can't leave this floor.'

The best talent polishes one ability to the limit and wields a refined spirit like a master sword.

What a fun thing.

Some will die, some will survive.

Isn't magic developing through countless destruction, creation, and regeneration?

'That's it. It's okay.'

Arcane recast Poison Cutter. Etella, who decided that it was now or had no chance, cut off the power of darkness that was holding her back and cast space movement. At the same time as the flash of light flew away, the poison cutter pierced the afterimage of light.

“Whew.”

Arcane whistled. The stronger the human being, the greater the sense of humiliation when running away. However, his ability to retreat without hesitation was also important in battle.

Arcane headed to the place where Ethella was standing. She was dripping with blood as if she hadn't completely avoided it. If she had been poisoned, she wouldn't have gotten very far.

“The tomboy girl must be having a hard time waking up.”

Arcane, who met a strong enemy after 40 years, was happy. I saw a genius who had all the trinities, including Jonah's Spirit Zone, martial arts that cut off the power of darkness, and the supreme spirit of a monk.

'Did I say he was a certified 6th level wizard?'

It is clear that he has a high rank for his age. However, they are geniuses because they are not accepted by social standards. If she hadn't been bound by her mission as a teacher or seeker, Etela's current rank would have been much higher.

“Mirhi Alfeas. That kid gets respect?”

Arcane looked up with sad eyes. As her mind control was released, the trees straightened out, revealing a darkened sky.

“Aren’t you ashamed, Alfeas? To be respected by people who are superior to you. What a cruel reality this is.”

Lamenting the disciple's incompetence, Arcane moved slowly. The darkness in the forest showed him the way he should go.

* * *

'damn! Where the hell are you?'

THAAD became more and more anxious. Alpheas was not in the lodging that he was sure would be there. However, if the enemy did not capture it, there was only one place left.

“Master!”

I opened the door to the principal's office and entered. However, Alpheas was not seen here either. 

Sade did not give up and looked at the books displayed on the bookshelf. I knew for a long time that Alpheas had a personal space here.

'There must be an engine device. I can't go through all the books.'

A book was caught in the fast-moving gaze. The title of the book inserted between the old-fashioned magic books was 'Seeing the Darkness'. Sade, who knew his master's past, was convinced that this was the path directly connected to Alfeas' memories.

When the top of the book was pulled, the heavy mechanism rotated and the bookshelf split left and right. There was a tunnel cut through the wall and a set of stairs going down.

As Sade descended the stairs, the tilted book returned and the bookshelf closed. When the iron door was opened, a small room with a crystal lamp appeared. Numerous items were displayed on the old shelves, and it was quaint enough to believe that it was an antique shop.

A portrait of a woman hung on the wall. She wasn't exceptionally beautiful, but she had a gentle and graceful impression.

'That's him... … .'

Sade stared at the portrait in a state of fascination. What Alpheas said was true. Her eyes seemed to have the power to attract people.

“Who are you?”

Saad stunned and turned around. Alfeas was sitting on a chair in the corner with his knee on his back. His face was contorted with anger and bewilderment, which was completely different from usual.

“Master! As expected, you are safe!”

"you… … I guess you know me.”

Sade, who was approaching, stopped. Hearing Alpheas' words, he was able to guess the situation.

“You seem to have lost your memory.”

Like the other teachers, it was clear that Alpheas was under the spell of Arcane. However, he seemed to have taken action and fled to this place before completely losing his memory, befitting a certified 4th-class wizard.

Hearing Sade's words, Alfeas approached the bronze mirror. And he looked at himself with a serious expression.

"hmm. Have you lost your memory? I thought I had suddenly come to the future again. Anyway, the face of an 18-year-old turned into an old man like this. That's pretty annoying.”

Sade's eyes widened. If he was 18, he would have been blocked for about 40 years. If Alfeas hadn't been an extremely rational person, he might have already gone mad.

“Yeah, I lost my memory… … . I'm rather glad Didn't you steal your life? Where are you anyway? What happened to me to lose my memory?”

“A wizard cast dark magic to harm Master. Master barely escaped.”

Talking to someone who has lost their memory only adds to their anxiety, but Alfeas didn't care.

"okay? How old am I now?”

“Ah, sixty-three.”

“Sixty-three. Then what have I become?”

"yes?"

"I'm asking what kind of magical achievements you've achieved."

“Ah, as a person of great character, he is currently serving as the principal of a magic school.”

Alpheas made an absurd expression. A genius called the light of the Mirhi family is teaching others. Considering his personality, it was impossible to happen. 

“So what, do you mean I became a teacher?”

"yes. Everyone follows and respects Master.”

“Puhahahaha! Fuhahahaha!”

Alpheas let out a mad laugh. At first, he was annoyed at how suddenly he had grown old, but after realizing that he had lost his memory, he didn't care. Rather, he was thrilled at the thought of hearing about his achievements from now on.

“Looks like I’ve matured quite a bit too. be the principal Then, is this the royal palace? Has the prince inherited the throne?"

THAAD became anxious. No matter how rational Alpheas was, the gap beyond 40 years was not something that could be ignored.

“This is a private school. This is the Alpheas Magic School founded by Master himself.”

“Private?”

Alpheas's expression crumpled. If it was Alpheas of genius thinking, at least the royal family should have been teaching. But is it private? What the hell happened in 40 years of life?

“… … What level am I?”

"yes? Oh, that's over there... … .”

THAAD hesitated. Numerous records prove how great Alpheas was in his youth. He didn't have the courage to honestly tell the truth in such a yard. & nbsp;

“Tell me quickly! How many classes! Did I say I'm sixty-three? If so, is it level 1? Or second grade?”

Sade said, lowering his head like a man guilty of a mortal sin.

“Level 4… … .”

Alpheas staggered. The shock was too great for his aging body to handle. However, he could not control his burning anger and ran rampant on his way.

“What the hell have you done! dumbass! Poor child!”

Alpheas hit his head and blamed himself. He was a god-given talent, and if he had given 40 years, he should have been at least second class. But he's not even 3rd grade, he's 4th grade.

What the hell happened? How stupid have I been living to get to this point?

You need to know the past. everything from one to ten. Alfeas, who made up his mind, glared at Sade and said.

“Can you solve dark magic? Since you said you were my disciple, wouldn't you have learned photon magic?"

"yes. I don't know how long it will take, but with Master's help, it will be possible. but… … .”

Sade suddenly realized.

Maybe this is not a curse but a blessing?

Because of a mistake he made when he was young, Alpheas has lived with guilt for 40 years. If losing his memory could clear up his past, his lifelong regrets would disappear.

“Master, do you really need to retrieve your memory?”

"what? What are you talking about? It's my memory, so of course I have to get it back. Something went wrong. If you fix that, you can enter a higher realm even now.”

“Master. You may not understand the current situation. The light of the Mirhi family, which was said to be a gift from God, is only in the official 4th grade principal position. But that's why I want to dry it even more. Master made a big mistake. And he lived with bitterness for forty years. Now is the time to be free. Maybe this is a divine indulgence?”

Although Alfeas has returned to the age of 18, he knows how painful life can be from the wounds of the past. Also, if it really happened, it was one way to admit it and live like this.

Alfeas, who was lost in thought as he wandered around the room, suddenly found a portrait hanging on the wall and asked.  

“Who is that woman? Isn't this my room?"

"Master's room is right."

"okay? Did I hang that picture? She's not even a beauty, why are her eyes so blurry? She is like a woman who is missing something.”

Sade was emotionally charged. Since she knew what kind of person Alfeas was, she couldn't control her sadness.

'Master, you can't say that. That one... … .'

Alpheas looked away from the painting with an annoyed face. It was this and that, and there was nothing that made sense.

“I will bring back my memory. The future is too out of line with my plans. I need to know what happened.”

“Master, please reconsider. What is life... … .”

“Hey, you.”

Alpheas raised his arrogant eyes and cut Sade off. Sade realized that there was no lie in what the teacher said. That figure was the young Alfeas.

“Did you say you were my disciple?”

"That's right. It is an undeserved honor for me, and I am always grateful.”

"Then, it's an excommunication from today."

"yes?"

Alpheas was sincere. It is the Alfeas of the world. It was the crystallization of intelligence that did not blink an eye even after losing 40 years of memory.

"What's the point of recovering memories that have passed away? I don't need a pathetic disciple like you.”

---------------------------------------