---------------------------------------

[3] Meet the Magic (3)

A child frowned at Sirone's outfit.

“Principal, he is not an aristocrat. I think he is a lowly citizen.”

“Cheongmin shouldn’t come in here. Hey, you quickly get out!”

I didn't know that Alpheas wasn't a noble, so he scratched his eyebrows in embarrassment. However, he beckoned to come without discriminating between the noble and the lowly, befitting a wizard who pursues intelligence.

“It’s okay, come this way. Yes, what words of the old man attracted you?”

Sirone hesitated. I wanted to get closer to Alpheas, but the eyes of the children were blocking the approach.

It was as if he was saying this. Don't invade their territory on the subject of insignificant cheonmin.

“Show me your magic.”

“Heh heh, have you never seen magic?”

“I’ve read about it in books, but I’ve never seen it myself.”

A child pointed and shouted.

"lie! What kind of books do you read?”

Alpheas stared into Sirone's eyes as if to hide the truth. It didn't seem like a lie. However, it was children of that age who deceived adults as if they were eating with an innocent face.

“So, what kind of magic would you like to see?”

“It doesn't matter. Anything is fine, so show me. please."

Sirone realized her situation and politely bowed her head. Alfeas waved his hand with his wry smile. It wasn't that difficult if it was magic at the level of flirting with children.

“This old man's only pleasure is to show our cuties magic. good night! In that case, I will show you the magic that causes the wind this time.”

“Wow! It's the wind, the wind!”

Even as the children clapped their hands, Sirone clenched her fists in tension. It was only natural that I knew nothing about magic.

The moment Alpheas waved his hand, Sirone widened her eyes at an unexpected sense of floating. As the world sank down, my vision opened up. The buildings of the magic school were visible at once.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Sirone screamed involuntarily. On the other hand, the children seemed to enjoy Alpheas's magic, even doing somersaults and enjoying it.

Moments later, Sirone crashed at breakneck speed. She closed her eyes tightly and crouched down at the sight of the land coming over her. & nbsp;

But the hopeless shock was not delivered. When I gently opened my eyes, I was floating near the ground.

The children pointed at Sirone and laughed away. Alpheas was also watching with a convex smile.

“How are you? This is magic.”

All Shirone could hear was the sound of her heart beating in her chest. The magic he experienced for the first time in his life transcended the boy's vaguely dreamed fantasy.

“What is magic?”

“Hmm, let’s see. Magic is... … .”

As Alpheas playedfully chose the words, Sirone impatiently added a word.

“It's okay if I don't understand. Please tell me what you think.”

The children's faces hardened. Alpheas is a famous wizard known in the kingdom. That's why the sons of nobles act like docile sheep. However, since Sirone said something arrogant, the children were in awe.

Alpheas thought he was bold, but he wasn't upset because he could see his desperation. His unusually beautiful appearance also played a part in erasing his sense of incongruity.

“Chuck! You don't have to be so nervous. Actually, it's not even that difficult. But if you want, you can turn the difficulty up a bit. Magic is an act that defies common sense. Conversely, it is a mental operation that seeks the truth of phenomena.”

Sirone blinked and thought for a long time.

“If you don’t know, you can say you don’t know.”

"It's different from common sense, but in fact, is that the truth?"

Alpheas stuck out his lower lip. It was a habit that only came out when he was really surprised. 

Feeling the sincerity of a short statement is only possible when you understand something perfectly. 

Also, that was the insight that Alpheas had emphasized.

“Where did you learn that?”

“Uh, um, in the book.”

“Is there a book with such content?”

“It wasn’t the content, but it came to my mind while reading the book. I think common sense is not necessarily right. I also thought that in order to reach the truth, I might have to fight common sense in the end.”

Alpheas nodded.

It made sense.

'No, it's not truth, it's truth. Are you saying you really know? Anyone can recite what someone has heard. But if that's not the case... … .'

Are you 12 years old now? 

Once an idea has risen to the ranks of common sense, it is extremely difficult to destroy it. Already realizing the essentiality, the primary goal pursued by magic, was a considerable talent.

'It's really unique. No, I have insight. Are you really a commoner? Too bad.'

Sensing that she wouldn't be able to stay here long, she asked the second question.

“How can I learn magic? Do you need special powers?”

"I don't know what special power it is, but it does require a lot of mental strength."

It was a surprisingly trivial answer. Sirone thought that Alfeas might be hiding the truth.

“Is that really all? Are you saying that if you think you need to create a wind, you can fly like before?”

“That is a very difficult problem. But if I add an exaggeration, it is. Of course, it's impossible just to think. The wizard's spirit must be perfectly assimilated with the world. An extremely sensitive state of mind, for example?”

The first time the principal had a serious conversation with someone, the children didn't even dare to intervene.

“How can I feel that this is an extremely sensitive state of mind?”

Alpheas saw through Sirone's intentions and smiled quietly. It's not just curiosity. This child is exploring. He really intends to learn magic in this place.

'I'm sorry, but I'm a commoner. There will never be a chance to learn magic. I'd rather give it now than be frustrated for the rest of my life.'

Alpheas relaxed his expression as if to evoke the atmosphere.

“When a wizard concentrates, his mind becomes sharp enough to sense everything around him. Wizards describe this as entering the Spirit Zone. I'm going to demonstrate, so watch the kid here do it. Shumin, would you like to enter the Spirit Zone?”

“Yes, Headmaster.”

A girl named Shumin answered confidently. Before entering school, each of them was said to be a genius, so it was only natural that they wanted to show off their skills.

When Shumin closed his eyes and concentrated, the children created a quiet atmosphere. As if such an attitude further reveals their superiority.

“I entered the Spirit Zone.”

“Then let’s begin.”

Alpheas took out a coin and shook it. Then he held out his fist, snatching the coin.

“Now, how many coins are in here?”

“Six outlines.”

When I opened my palm, there were six silver coins lying there. Alfeas, ignoring Sirone's surprised expression, repeated the same action.

“Now, try again.”

“Three outlines.”

This time it was the correct answer. 

After that, I tried a few more times, but the result was the same. Alpheas said while inserting a coin with a satisfied expression.

“It’s done, Shumin. You did very well.”

Shumin let out a long breath. Even though she had just guessed the number, cold sweat was forming on her forehead.

“This is an extremely sensitive state of mind. The moment they enter the Spirit Zone, the wizard can perceive the outside world supersensibly. Excellent wizards can even count the number of leaves from a long distance. Of course, the skills that Shumin showed are also great.”

Sirone somehow seemed to know. It is because he also succeeded in Thunder Melee by realizing the impossible point that human senses cannot find with insight.

I think Shumin didn't count the number of coins. He concentrated all his senses and felt the whole situation in Alfeas' hands.

'Extremely sensitive state of mind. Spirit Zone.'

Sirone chewed over Alpheas' words. In the meantime, questions naturally follow. Can I really do it? No, maybe you can?

“Anyone can do it.”

Alfeas, who saw through Sirone's intentions, said. 

Anyone can do Spirit Zone. But he wasn't something anyone could do.

innate talent.

Magic was such a world.

“Practice in a quiet place. First of all, I want to feel you. then erase it If that happens, a different world will unfold. Do you see what I mean?”

"all right."

Sirone understood.

“If you don’t feel yourself, it will be impossible to erase yourself.”

Alpheas admired again. It's not an insight a 12-year-old can savor. 

Then there were two possible cases. Either really gifted, or a mischievous acquaintance sent to prank you.

“Would you like to try it? here."

Seeing no reason to refuse, Sirone closed her eyes. He seemed to be able to do anything if he used the experience of Thunder Melee. But when he focused, he was not looking for a weakness in the tree.

I couldn't draw anything. When I recalled the appearance, most of it was only constructed through visual information. It was shocking that he knew so little about himself. 

'What is it? Does a country exist?'

Sirone endlessly dug into his thoughts. Then he finally came to an idea of ​​himself that he was thinking about.

'brain. Humans were brains.'

No matter what I think of, I cannot come up with a clear definition of myself. It's just a function of the human brain. If thinking is the only me, the moment I erase my thoughts, I disappear too.

Sirone began to gradually erase the functioning of her brain. He was something everyone could do, but not just anyone.

My mind seems to be sucked into the abyss. It was like seeing the shape of concentration for the first time. As the nervous system connected to the five senses melted away, it was impossible to tell what smell was and what touch was.

And finally, Sirone disappeared from his brain.

Sirone's eyes widened.

The scenery unfolding before my eyes was serene. The children were yawning and the women were pulling out their hair and playing games. Sirone did not know that 10 minutes had passed before he knew it.

“How are you? Did you hear something?”

Alpheas did not expect. I admit the concentration that lasted for 10 minutes, but the spirit zone was not something I could get into by working hard. If all he did was stand with his eyes closed, the wizard could be a dog or a cow.

“Yes, I heard.”

Alfeas raised his eyebrows at the unexpected answer.

“Hoo? So, what did you hear?”

"sound. I heard everything.”

“Heh heh, that’s right.”

Alpheas nodded. Perhaps Sirone could not have entered the Spirit Zone. Even an ordinary person can hear a strange sound if he concentrates for 10 minutes. But what was happening in the Spirit Zone was on a different level from that.

First, experience synesthesia. The smell comes from the sound, the taste is felt from the light, and the image is transmitted through the skin.

'Is Pharaoh too much? Too bad. He's a talented kid.'

Had he been an aristocrat, had he been trained from a young age, wouldn't he have achieved similar achievements as the children here today?

But that alone couldn't turn Alpheas's heart. There are as many talented people as stars in the world. Even the children of this place could not guarantee that they would become wizards.

“Good job. If you practice hard in the future, you will be able to hear more sounds.”

Alpheas petted Sirone and took the children away. Sirone knew his disappointment. However, it was considerate enough that he did not confirm that he was leaving school.

Sirone climbed over the fence. And she ran like crazy. It wasn't until she stopped running and sat down that she noticed her heart beating against her breastbone.

“It really is.”