Facts and Lies (2)

By the time Shiina's cries died down, Kuan fell on her unconscious.

“Quan.”

She checked her condition with a surprised expression, but fortunately her heart was beating.

Sirone asked.

“Sir, what happened?” Shiina, who was lost in her thoughts, spoke.

“Fengzhang has been annihilated. And Kuan... … It feels like they gave up something for me.”

She turned to Sirone.

“I can’t go to the temple like this. I want to take care of Kuan for a while. Would that be okay?”

“… … yes."

Even in Sirone's thoughts, Kuan didn't want to be on the battlefield anymore.

"Do not worry too much. Kuan is a strong person. He will definitely come back.”

Shirone didn't know how that could be, but Shiina nodded.

"okay. I will never give up. Kuan will definitely come back to me

peel."

The Sword Demon left the battlefield.

The front of the Delta Headquarters was noisy with the sound of demonstrations by city leaders who had gathered from the morning.

“Get away from Geese!”

“Let's uphold Sirone's will! Yahweh is also accusing Kish of absurdity!”

Thanks to a line in the article, Sirone also rose to fame.

The voices of nearly 600 people reached the Delta Headquarters through the garden.

"ha."

The man who was looking out the window in the neutral zone's office sighed.

My name is Raymond.

He was Geese's political rival and the man who sold the trap in collusion with Arachne.

'It seems that my heart is being torn by the cries of the citizens. How should I change this filthy country?'

Tears welled up in his eyes as he remembered the political mission he had to fulfill in the future.

“Mrs. Raymond.” While the escort knights were on guard, Phaedra, the prime minister of Arachne, entered.

“Ah, are you here?”

Raymond hurriedly stole his tears, but he couldn't fool Phaedra's eyes.

“You must be very concerned.”

“It is. So many people are worried about the future of the Jive Kingdom. I feel like I have a stake in it, so I don’t feel comfortable.”

“Don't think so. Isn't it all to make the world a better place? You are doing well.”

“Whoa.”

As Raymond let out a sad sigh, Phaedra patted his shoulder and pointed to the door.

“Let’s go together. There is nothing like exercise for stress. Sweating is the best.”

“Maybe?”

The place where Phaedra took Raymond was the deepest part of the Arachne sector.

A beautiful middle-aged woman greeted them.

"welcome."

She was the leader of Arachne's think tank, Yoeumbang, which focuses on beauty.

“Make it a quiet place.”

"All right."

With Raymond's escort guarding the door, the two entered the secret room.

Two women were chained limb to limb.

“Today I will win.”

As Phaedra raised the whip, Raymond also picked up one and savored the feel of the leather.

aka Crying Game. The rules were simple.

The first player to hit the woman tied to the cage once each wins.

When Phaedra took the lead, the sound of flesh being torn was heard along with the sound of a sharp wind.

“Huh!”

The woman held back her screams.

The moment he committed evil with his upbringing, he would be subjected to far more terrible things than he was now.

Raymond swung his whip.

"scratch!"

The woman's waist was bent like a bow.

“A guy like you is king? On the topic of ruining Jive! Do you know how hard it is for citizens? uh? Right now, citizens are possessed with tears of blood!”

After Phaedra's turn, when it was Raymond's turn again, a crackling sound erupted.

"Oh oh."

Havits, who was squatting in the corner and eating snacks, opened her eyes wide.

“This one was good.”

He stopped by this place whenever he was bored and was concentrating as if he were watching a sports game.

“An equal world! uh? I am the only one who can create a world where everyone is equal!”

Harvitz's eyes were locked in the abyss.

'Do you think it's a contradiction?'

people of the world.

'No, this is human.' A monster of self-justification.

'Arm yourself with every conceivable logic. After all, morality, conscience... …

It may be true for some.

'In reality, that too is just self-justification to hide weakness. The strong have no conscience.'

what is human

'It's because if you have the ability to do something and don't damage yourself, you can commit anything.'

Raymond did everything in his power.

“For Jive!”

When the whip hit the spot where the blood was flowing again, the woman's mouth opened wide.

“Kyaaaaaa!”

Phaedra threw the whip and clapped.

"bravo! Is this a record?”

"ha! ha!"

Then he put his hand on the shoulder of Raymond, who was breathing heavily, and smiled.

“Are you feeling better?”

“Whoa! yes. Sweating off makes me feel better. Thanks to you, I played well.”

“This is what I do. Just say it anytime. And this woman...?”

Phaedra severed the screaming woman's rope and she fell to the ground like a corpse.

“I have to dispose of it anyway, so take it with me. Yoeumbang will take care of the aftermath.”

“Poor you. Can't you save it?"

"yes. Because if there is an exception, the game won't work. Isn’t there such a thing as a system?”

"but."

“Get a good rest today. Since the trap was dug properly, Gis will not be able to escape. Now, peace comes to Jive as well. Under the rule of King Raymond.”

Raymond was heartbroken.

“It is all thanks to the Prime Minister. When I become the king, I will never forget today.”

“Enjoy, enjoy.”

When Phaedra beckoned, the maids of Yoeumbang dragged the woman into the room.

"then."

Then, as soon as Raymond said hello, Ma quickly followed after him.

Phaedra clicked her tongue.

'anyway… …

The brain is like a child, and when exposed to certain pleasures, it forgets the lesser pleasures.

'Always want something more stimulating. If you can do it and it doesn't hurt you... …

He didn't think deeply.

“Well, that’s why we also eat and live.”

The women in Yoeumbang threw the woman with blood on her back onto the bed and left.

“Huh. Whoops.”

Raymond touched her wound.

“Are you sick?”

"Ahhh!"

“Yeah, it hurts. My heart hurts too. Be patient. I'll make it easy for you soon... …

At that moment, a woman's thumb entered Raymond's left neck.

"please! Ugh!”

Even in the midst of surprise, I tried to make a sound, but it was exactly a situation where my vocal cords were blocked.

"okay. It hurts, you son of a bitch.”

When she raised her upper body and twisted her thumb, the positions of the two were completely reversed.

“Turn it off… … !”

Even when he was crushed by a woman, Raymond saw that her claws were sharp.

'Sal, save me! Bodyguard! My bodyguard!'

"Ho Ho! Even though the gills are clogged, it still flutters! After all, fresh is the best.”

Moistening her lips with her tongue, she began dismembering Raymond's throat with her ten fingers.

A terrible sound was heard, and finally, having ripped all of her flesh, she severed the vertebrae in her neck.

“Whoa!”

As I grabbed the hair from my neck and got off the bed, a member of Yoeumbang entered.

"It's done?"

the woman asked, lifting Raymond's neck.

“The escort driver?”

“Me and Roro took care of it.”

As she tore open her mouth, flesh could be seen between sharp teeth leaking deadly poison.

“Because it never ends with lips.”

"okay. let's go."

She placed Raymond's head in a wooden box, closed the lid, and walked away.

Phaedra was waiting.

“I have done it.”

When I opened the lid, Raymond's face appeared, staring at the ceiling with his eyes wide open.

“Hey, Mr. Raymond.”

Phaedra brought her face closer.

“Why are you making such a scary face? Is it because it's unfair to die? yes?

Are you embarrassed?”

His hand patted Raymond's cheek.

“Hey, say something. I don't know why you died Shall I tell you?” “Because it’s clumsy.”

Phaedra smiled and stepped back.

“Because you're the number two of Jive, and you're next to Gis, did you think you could be anything? You are not a king or anything. There is nothing you can give me.”

If Raymond had been able to reveal his shameful appearance to the bodyguards... … .

“That's why you're not good for Geese.”

Geese can do it.

The woman in Yoeumbang asked as she closed the box.

“What about the settlement?”

“70 percent was paid in advance. If you cross the neck, the balance will be paid, and the deal is over.”

“One percent is ours.”

It was 1 percent of the astronomical amount Gis had to pay to Arachne.

“Okay, man. pecking.”

From the beginning, Arachne had no intention of making Raymond the King of Jive.

'If you want to rip the ribbon, you have to rip it properly.' Even if voting was important, there was no way a powerful country like Jive would yield to Arachne.

Therefore, after trapping Geese, he demanded money in return for saving him.

Phaedra rubbed the fingers of both hands.

“Big money. this is business Fold slowly. The temple work is over, so why not enjoy it?”

The leader of Yoeumbang asked.

“Will Geese be okay? I have a feeling I did too badly. What if we use dumpers?”

"are you okay. That should be enough to not be intimidating. Raymond's throat was cut, so we'll take care of the rest."

“Then what about Rangi?”

Phaedra's eyebrows twitched.

“Sheesh! It seems like a clever thing. leave it alone for now It must mean that you want to live as long as you give up your share and stick to Yahweh. I won't do anything stupid.”

Having heard that far, Havitz turned around.

'Hmm, Rangira.'

I had to find another target because it was going to be an hour since I killed Gando.

'It's a little vague. If you get directly entangled with Yahweh, it's annoying. There should be a goblin next to Uorin...

At times like this, God's frequency was resentful.

'It's not fun.'

The back story of Arachne Kingdom, which would have been enjoyable in the past, was just boring.

'Greater pleasure. Does such a thing exist?'

As I was walking down the hallway with that thought in mind, I heard a familiar voice from around the corner.

“Havitz.”

I stopped walking and slowly turned around to see Zetaro and Sumodo standing side by side.

"I… … see?"

It was in a vanishing state.

Havits, who was watching the two staring into the sky, turned his gaze to the side.

Wena Wizard was standing.

“Hoo?”

Vanishing was released, and Zetaro and Sumodo finally recognized Habits as their head.

“Havitz, long time no see.”

"is it? I don't know. Why did you suddenly come looking for me? You want to join the assassination game?”

"no. I want to suggest a game I made.”

“Hmm.”

Not using God's frequency meant that I wasn't completely uninterested.

“Well, the only thing that can kill me is the game. But am I still having enough fun?”

Rather, I wanted to play with Wizard.

“Why don’t we just mess around? I have something I want to do after I kill you guys quickly.”

Zetaro was saddened by the fact that Habitz's eyes were fixed on the Wizard.

'If I can't convince you, there's no chance.'

said with that thought.

“You will like it. It’s okay to risk your life.”

“Hoo.”

“Facts and lies. That is the name of this game.”

Hearing the name of the game, Habitz opened the god's frequency with a throbbing heart.

and… … .

“Quack! Kkkkkkkkk!”

The corners of his mouth were grotesquely torn.