Meaning of incident (1)

Strange phenomena that occurred around the pyramids scattered all over the world were reported to the temple.

Ntara, the leader of the tribal federation of the south, said.

"God's intervention."

“People's emotions are running high over the pyramid anomalies. If it is a powerful maga, it will flow into the world and affect all systems.”

Euntara's expression was sorrowful.

“The world will boil like a cauldron. All events will be integrated into one. Before humans.”

The unity of the law means the victory of God.

“How about retrieving Elicia? If you attack Jive with that power, maybe... …

“Whoops.”

Euntara sipped the tea.

“That's why we can't. They don’t even know what the problem is, but they try to solve it.”

When asked what he would do with the power of Elicia, Sirone said this.

"nothing."

After much thought, Sirone raised her head.

“I won’t do anything.”

At first glance, the answer was draining, but as Euntara savored the words, she realized.

that is the answer you were looking for.

Ntara said.

“How arrogant is it that one human being can change the world. Yahweh is not a belief. It's just a huge wind. He does what he can.”

“Is that why you passed it?”

“To do this or to do that, in the end nothing is perfect. In it, someone will be sacrificed, and someone will be angry.”

Integration is impossible.

“Elicia is one, but Yahweh exists all over the planet. If you prioritize, your power will change. It seems that Elykiah went to see the owner.”

“Will his wish come true?”

Euntara sipped her tea and fell into thought.

'A number of incidents are overlapping. Everyone is trying to fulfill their desires. God... … Are you saying that even human hearts can be changed by the law?'

he raised his head

“I don’t know. What is clear is that all future events will serve a purpose. When you finally reach the end, the remaining results are... …

Is it human or divine?

“The end is in sight.”

Euntara tried hard to ignore the fact that the integration of the law is faster than the integration of humans.

Corona Kingdom.

Sirone opened his eyes.

“Huh billion!”

I hurriedly raised my upper body and looked around. It was a military barracks with a bonfire burning.

'What happened?'

Sirone, who was thrown out of the Ivory Tower with Baal, fell into the occupied territory of Huig.

'ah??????

He recalled the memory of Minerva appearing and saving him just before he was defeated by the demons.

" Woke up?"

After walking through the tent of the barracks, Minerva entered.

“What happened?”

“I lost consciousness by the time I reached the hideout. You said you were really in danger.”

It was such a fatal shock that Sirone couldn't even regain consciousness.

"There is no time. We have to save Taeseong.”

Minerva didn't answer.

“Why is that? What's going on?"

“Look for yourself.”

The moment she left the barracks following her, Shirone's eyes were filled with shock.

Just 100 meters in front, the Demons and Corona's soldiers were fighting.

“Completely pushed. You lost the war.” Even the stars of the ivory tower could be seen among the soldiers, so Sirone couldn't believe it.

"why… … ?”

“It happened all of a sudden. It's only been 20 minutes. It feels like the demons have become incredibly strong.”

Sirone suddenly realized.

As if the anesthetized part had been released, as I focused my consciousness, simultaneous events were connected.

'pyramid.'

Events overlap according to the mind.

“Mika.”

_yes.

'How many people have been affected by the pyramid?'

-83 million 2,873 people. 28 people reached the death route a little while ago.

He was much stronger than Elicia.

'Things that happened under the will of God. I don't know what the intention was. but… …

Now it was a world of demons.

“Sirone, we have to get out now. If the stars of the ivory tower are annihilated here, there is no future.”

“They are targeting Taeseong. Without intelligence, the definition of good and evil is lost.

I lose.”

The Ivory Tower could have been worse.

“Anyway, let’s run away. Corona's soldiers will buy you some time. Even if you leave... …

Sirone shook her head.

"no. Now there is nowhere to run... The demons of the Underworld will come over to reality.”

Even Jin Seong-eum cannot be stopped.

“First of all, let's get rid of the demons here and go to the Ivory Tower. Rescuing Taeseong is an urgent priority.”

“It is easy to say. I feel like those guys are about 2nd class special. It's like an ordinary soldier becoming a company commander. Even the battalion commander has become as strong as a division commander.”

"I will do it. It's not that many, so we should be able to stop it for now.”

“You are injured.”

Sirone, who flung herself into the battlefield, looked back at Minerva with a smile on her eyes.

“You have become very pretty.”

Minerva wasn't shy about compliments, but this time her face burned.

Because the world's laws changed, she too escaped the fate of a witch.

“Young guy… … She didn't change much in appearance, but her impression was much better than before.

'That doesn't change anything.'

A bitter smile appeared on Minerva's lips as she kicked off the ground and chased after Sirone.

'Because I'm a murderer.'

Even if the law was changed, she felt that she had to take responsibility for her life.

Meanwhile, Sirone headed to the battlefield and finally felt the mighty power of the demons.

'It's being pushed back tremendously.'

I could feel the soldiers of Corona dying and the stars of the Ivory Tower struggling.

Twelve Mini of the Unified Space Management Department cast scale magic and grew her body.

“These bastards!”

10, 50°], 100°] surged up and hit the ground with her fist.

Woo woo woo!

It was so powerful that it shook the ground, but immediately the demons climbed up on its arms.

"away! Gross things!”

He swept his arms down as if shaking off ants, but the demons quickly ate up his flesh.

“Aaaaa!” At that moment, the light of the Miracle Stream swept all the demons and smashed them to the ground.

Looking down at the ground, Minnie's face brightened.

“Oh Dae-sung!”

Between her breastbones, Minnie's satellite, Ariana, appeared out of nowhere.

“Here, here! Come in quickly!” Sirone said with an embarrassing smile.

"next time."

"oh!"

The joke ended there, and Sirone opened her eyes again and jumped into the battlefield.

“Back off.”

As Minnie stepped back several tens of meters, the Hand of God floated into the air.

A photon cannon was born on the palm of the light.

"Yahweh! Kill Yahweh!”

“Hahaha! I'm strong! Now is the time to kill you, the abomination...99

A flash of direct sunlight struck down.

The demons were blown away in concentric circles by the shock wave created with the roar.

“Whoa.”

It was an astounding power at any time, but the demons of today were different from the past.

“Three forces OOOI”

In the huge crater, countless demons who were still alive revealed their faces.

'Is this enough?'

“Yahweh, I will kill you.”

Sirone closed her eyes at the sight of the demons crawling through the mound of soil.

“Whoa.”

And when I open my eyes again

“Kill you...

An incomparable giant orb of light filled the sky.

"Oh, no!"

Just as dawn breaks in the morning, the horizon of the occupied territory of Huigue swells brightly.

"Corsair! Advance!”

There was a blizzard around the ivory tower, but the stronger demons were unstoppable.

Approximately 200,000 demons, even the weakest soldier had the strength of a company commander.

While the demons infiltrated through the narrow entrance, Taeseong and Thing were still motionless.

Four-star residents Yin-Ji and Yang-Ji, who assist Xing, sensed the situation downstairs.

"Sing-nim, it's dangerous at this rate."

The stars of the Ministry of Law and the Ministry of Balance were guarding it, but the power of the Demons was too strong.

Taeseong said.

“Sing, stop misunderstandings. At this rate, the ivory tower will be overthrown.”

Thing knew.

'Sirone, do you feel the same way?'

As long as Singh did not move, Taeseong would not be able to move due to the power of the law.

“Why?”

Taeseong asked.

“You can't achieve anything. What restrains me is just selfishness without justification.”

"that's right."

Although Byeol and the residents agreed, it was Singh himself who eventually carried through.

“I could be wrong. I won't deny it. but i know That if I step back from here, no one can replace me.”

If you are right... … .

'99.99 percent wrong, if I'm right. If everything ends the moment I change my mind.'

Thing said.

“Let’s die together, Taeseong. I have already made up my mind.”

Taeseong's eyes were locked in sadness.

“Go up! Push with the numbers!”

Demons stage an armed demonstration on the 23rd floor against the Ivory Tower.

stars

had

As Arte swung the fan, a huge gale pushed the demons away like an iron wall.

“Great!”

However, Arte's mental ability to continuously cast magic had reached its limit.

“I cannot last more than 10 minutes. If nothing is done within it, the ivory tower will be overthrown.

“You fools! Sooner or later, more demons will flock! You guys lost!”

Winning and losing in war is commonplace, but the current defeat was important to mankind.

'Evil will no longer be evil.' Arte gritted his teeth.

“Pungra.”

The atmosphere on the 23rd floor rotated sharply and tore the flesh of the demons to shreds.

“Lecture.”

At that moment, Arte felt the magic as well as the feeling that his mind was being split in two.

“Keugh!”

At the same time as he stumbled, the tremendous energy of the sword rushed in as it scraped the ground.

The black steel city pulled Arte, and the wall cracked, occupying the entire height of the 23rd floor.

Baal, the commander of the 1st corps, was walking towards the place where the demons turned around with blank expressions.

“Brigade commander!”

Watching the army kneel before him, Hog Jiangshi bit his lip.

'Damn it.'

In a situation where a battalion commander has become a division commander, what will the corps commander be like?

“Back off.”

Baal said to the star of the ivory tower.

“Open the way. you guys can't beat me I will calm down and negotiate.”

Tanjoura asked.

“Do you think we will get out of the way?”

“Do you think I am threatening you with your life? you're welcome. This is your last chance. The last thing I can compromise without opening the Demon Realm

opportunity."

'Deadly Cross.'

The moment Baal opened the Pandemonium, not the Ivory Tower, but all of humanity would perish.

"It's an evil engagement."

However, Baal's threat made the hearts of the stars of the Ivory Tower rather cold.

“Jisung doesn’t give in to threats. Whether humanity perishes or the universe is destroyed... …

Tanjoura threw herself.

“Because what is right is what is right

oh."

One-hundred.

“The sin of denying the right. execution."

Baal was imprisoned in the law, and the satellite Dae-ho, who ran from the side, cast Jakdu.

"haha."

The next moment everyone saw the bodies of Tanjura and Daeho cut in half.

“Jisung is dead.”

Baal, with his blade hanging down to the side, asked the stars blocking his entrance.

“Are you going to object?”

Sirone, who had flown in from the occupied area of ​​Huig at great speed, opened her eyes.

Around the Ivory Tower, demons were gathering to the point of resembling the sea.

Minerva approached in a jet.

“The entrance is blocked!”

Since the demons had different durability, there was a limit to piercing with physical force.

'Taesung, hold on a little longer.'

Shirone, who spread the judicial halo ataraxia, rushed to the ground while activating the six bullet system.

“That madman!”

At the same time Minerva turned, Sirone crashed into the middle of the demons.

“What, what?”

Realizing that it was Yahweh, the demons proudly exposed their fangs.

“Whoa.”

Seeing Sirone's face emitting a breath of light, he soon became pale.

"Move."

I wasn't referring to anyone, but the demons felt the world split left and right.