other space(3)

Kashan Empire.

Averion, a cultural city, was a special tourist zone where you could see the world's customs in one place.

As an empire with strong cultural pride, it was one of the cities that did not suffer significant damage in the aftermath of the war.

Humans' ability to survive was truly tenacious, and when the demons' momentum subsided, the market revived.

It looked like the only paradise in a ruined world.

“Hmm.”

Then, in the midst of the crowd, Harbitz activated his vanishing ability and pulled out his sword.

"buy! Cheap! The royal cactus essence, which can only be found in Aberion, is only money... … Kuck!”

Havitz, who had decapitated the merchant, accepted the glass bottle he was holding and introducing.

Blood fountains erupted, but no one in the market felt uncomfortable.

“I sell pretty necklaces. It is a handicraft weaved with desert crystals. A gift to her wife... …

Havitz held out his arm while tasting the cactus sap, and the tip of the sword pierced the old woman's neck.

In that state, he looked into the glass bottle and tasted it, then drew his sword and turned around.

Then, he put the glass bottle on the head of a passer-by and stuck it.

There was a knock and the bottle broke.

The passer-by who sat on the floor did not understand the situation he was in, even though he was possessed by blood.

Havits thrust the sword through his abdomen, and finally slaughtered passers-by at will.

In the market that turned into a sea of ​​blood, people were still laughing and chatting.

Harvitz's eyes were locked in the abyss.

"It's a bad place."

When the Pandemonium was opened, Habitz experienced great pleasure through the god's frequency.

In particular, when emotional illness broke out, I lay down on the wasteland for almost half a day and shuddered.

However, the voices collected from Averion were far from what he liked.

As he waved his sword and regurgitated the crowd, he stopped in front of a shop selling cloth.

A young woman with a child on her back was bending over, choosing fabric.

Harvits looked at the child.

“Ah, ah.”

The child, who must have just turned 10, stretched out his hand to Havitz and smiled.

Havitz held out the bloody sword to the child and slowly moved it left and right.

"iced coffee. ah."

The child wiggled his hand to grab the sword.

A middle-aged woman, the owner of a cloth shop, said while looking at the lively child.

“A son? I am curious.”

“Oh, is it? It's rare. He is calm at home.”

“It’s good that you come out too. Perhaps Kashan's guardian deity is giving it a blessing.”

The baby's mother laughed.

“Are you the guardian of Kashan?”

“This is what my grandmother told me when I was little. They say babies can see God. It's a different thing from the eyes of an adult who is tired of septa. So, in her grandmother's days, when a baby beckoned into the air, a prayer was raised. Please, please let my baby grow up healthy.”

"yes??????

It may be an old folk tale, but when I became a mother, I became interested in those things.

The shop owner hinted at it.

“Why don’t you try it? You have to go down to make money.”

“Oh, is that so?”

It was embarrassing to try it, but she still closed her eyes for the sake of the baby.

“God.”

Harvitz cleared his ears and yawned.

“Please don’t let my son get sick. And let him be a great man.”

Havitz raised her face to the baby and made a funny face, letting out an innocent laugh.

"cadet! Aww!”

Mom was startled.

“Oh, I laughed. did you just hear?”

I got goosebumps from being honest, but I knew it was just a coincidence anyway.

“Look at it. It's God's answer. bless the baby

would have given it to you.”

In any case, I was in a good mood, so my mother handed over the two pieces of cloth I was weighing.

“Give me this.”

Since it was a fairly expensive cloth, the profitable shop owner was excited to put the item in it.

“My mom likes it, so I feel good too. I put another handkerchief in her, so she'll have a baby bib.”

"thank you."

Havits held the baby's bracken hand and moved it up and down while the mother picked up the item.

"huh. handshake. handshake."

"cadet. cadet."

The baby, who had been salivating and laughing, clung to the coop again when the mother turned around.

"bye."

After waving to the departing baby, he dug into the crowd again.

“Yesterday there was a bad sandstorm. the window... …

As he swung his sword at a passer-by, his throat was severed with a single blow, and a fountain of blood gushed out.

“The blade is dull.”

Hundreds of corpses were soaked in blood behind him as he headed towards the forge.

Wena Wizard.

He was once ranked 6th in the list of candidates for the Ivory Tower, and his track record has been obscure since then.

“I think I’ve heard the name. How old are you now?”

Miro said.

“Seven years old. I only heard about Wizards when Hugo joined Shion. He's dead now... …

"yes. It is a pity.”

Sky Hugo was also a wizard with a full future to the extent that he was ranked ninth among the candidates for the Ivory Tower.

'He was a strong person.'

Although he was overpowered by Sirone, Dumpra's incarnation skills were amazing.

'Does that mean that the ivory tower rated the four-year-old Wizard higher than Hugo?'

Sirone gradually became curious.

“What kind of child are you?”

“Mother Awakener. I heard that the spirit zone was already opened when the fetus was 3 months old.”

“Right after the brain is formed.”

"yes. With an immature brain, he reached a level of concentration impossible even for adults. Can you imagine what happens when a fetus perceives the world through synesthesia in the womb?”

Sirone couldn't answer.

In human history, there are quite a few people who have been awakened from birth, but this was the first time they entered the Spirit Zone.

“Where are you now?”

"I don't know. When the World War broke out and the supply and demand of manpower became important, I got a list of candidates for the Ivory Tower... …

This was the last list since no new additions have been made since Sirone entered the Ivory Tower.

“As a result of the tracking, all died. But if you're on the list of candidates for the Sang A Tower, it's no small matter. Of course, some people are really dead, but at least the Wizard will be alive.”

“How can you be sure?”

"Because I can't die. It's actually a bit contradictory, but there's no such thing as "absolute" in combat, right? However, considering the characteristics of wizards I have researched... …

“You mean never?”

Miro nodded awkwardly.

“Human beings are born, learn the world, and have the ability to conquer that world. But not Wizards. From the time he was an embryo, he belonged to the world. To be honest, I wonder more how the child could die.”

She pointed at Sirone.

“For example, if you attack me, I will consider all the variables in a split second and make the best choice. No matter what happens, it is said through thought and calculation. But the wizard... …

“You mean you just know?”

“I think maybe. According to what I have heard.”

“Hmm.”

Sirone was lost in thought.

“All wizards use batteries. The pinnacle is Sirone, it must be you. Wizards are fundamentally different. If I had to put it into words... … Shall we call it pre-knowledge?”

“Sunji.”

"okay. I don't calculate, I don't think, I just react. like nature. And because of that... …

Sirone said.

"pure."

Harvits can be recognized.

"huh. still seven years old As you get older, your perception may be limited and your wisdom may deteriorate. So we have to do it now.”

“But isn’t that too harsh? If you're truly pure, dealing with Harvits... …

“It is unavoidable. Because neither you nor I, even me, can kill Havitz.”

“Because it is impossible to collide.”

"okay. Havitz's death event itself doesn't happen. The moment we make any calculations, the law spits everything out of the conflict boundary. No matter how hard I tried to get close, I couldn't make it. But wizards can.”

“Because it doesn’t count.” Miro nodded.

“Havitz's chaos is like an amoeba proliferating with desire. It's so violent, you can't predict where it's going to stretch its tentacles. But strangely, very strangely.”

According to her insight.

“Purity. So when you don't define Havitz, it seems to be quiet like a lie. As if chaos had fallen asleep.”

A thought ran through my brain.

“Idea and Chaos. Number 2 of the law Yes. If chaos is not defined, chaos itself cannot exist.”

“We need to find the wizard.”

Miro's voice gained strength.

“Havitz can hear the vibrations of the heart. Now is the point where even perjury is impossible. There is no other way than the Awakened Mother.”

Sirone also understood.

“I’ll go with Amy. With Mr. Lampa's help, I think we'll be able to find her.”

Tess was almost crying.

"oh my god… …

How can he be sane when he is anointing Lian, who is alive and well, with black oil?

'It must be painful.'

He wouldn't be able to stand it even if he were asked to hold his hand over a campfire for three seconds.

“This is not it.” In an instant, my mind went round and round, and I reached a state where normal thinking was impossible.

“Sirone, wait a minute. Even though… …

Then something heavy was placed on his shoulder and Tess looked back.

"ah??????

It was Lian's grandfather, Klumph.

Sirone, who turned her head at Tess' voice, found him and moved on.

"hello."

"OK."

Klump stared at Lian, who was sitting cross-legged, from a distance of 20 meters.

“Are the preparations going well?”

"yes. sorry."

I had already told this to Lian's family in Creas, but it must have been on a different level than seeing it with my own eyes.

said Tess.

“Grandpa, do we really have to go this far? How to set fire to a living person. If you can't stand this... …

The moment Lian's idea disappeared, his body would also turn to ashes.

“Of course not, my precious grandson.” Tess' eyes widened, and Clump continued with a benevolent smile.

“No one can set fire to my grandson. As long as I don't do what that fool does with my own hands.”

“Grandpa.”

“Let’s go. Open her chest proudly. Shouldn't you at least respond to Lian's courage?”

Holding onto Klumph's arm, Tess moved towards Lian with heavy steps.

The smell of oil stung my nose.

“How does it feel to be dragged into hell?”

Lian, who was lost in meditation, opened one eye.

“I don’t know if I can. Because it's a gem disease in this way. It may take a long time.”

Tess shouted.

“That's not it! how you feel can you hold out If it doesn’t work, take a break and do it.”

The word to give up didn't come out, so I spat it out, but it seemed to have become more cruel.

“It will be difficult.”

Klumph finally took on a serious expression.

“You won’t want to endure it. But maybe that's the key to hell. If you wish, I will avoid your seat.”

Who would want to show their family how they were screaming in pain?

Instead of answering, Lian looked at the wall in the distance.

A black-haired swordsman was standing there.

'lie.'

Even after the battle in Baska, his brother never visited Lian.

“Let’s start, Sirone.”

As Sirone approached, Clump and Tess stepped back, keeping their eyes on Lian.

Tess was nervous.

'Shall we go back to the castle? should i stay here? No, because of me, Lian is more

If you are suffering... …

“Tess.”

When Tess looked pale, Lian smiled with one eye closed.

“Look smart. how well I do it.”

While Tess, who had managed to suppress her burst of tears, clenched her teeth and nodded, Sirone raised her hand.

“See you in Hell, Lian.”

A small flame burned on the palm of my hand.