[222] 1. Memories of Galliant (2)

“I will finish it as soon as possible. Don't worry. Because at one time, I even took a class.”

Surgeons who perform surgical operations use schema differently from family medicine. The doctor was also able to cut the bone quickly because the basic schema was possible.

“I will begin. You might have a seizure, so hold on tight.”

Tess nodded while crying. Amy and Arin, who watched the scene, could not say anything.

If I had chosen myself, I would have run away. At least it was Tess, so it was a decision she made with the determination to take responsibility for Rian's life for the rest of her life.

“Whoa! Whoa! Then let's begin!”

“Stop it.”

Hearing the voice he heard the moment he put the longsaw on his shoulder, the congressman turned around in amazement.

Sirone, who had regained consciousness, was getting down from the bed. The exhausted recovery mages lay on the floor gasping for breath.

“Tess, what are you doing? Why do you want to cut off Lian's arm?”

“Sirone, Sirone… … .”

Tess burst into tears. Now, unable to decide what decision to make and leaving everything to the flow of the situation, Sirone's recovery is like rain during a drought.

“Sirone, what should I do? I'm going to cut Lian's arm off. Ryan is now... … .”

"no. Cutting off his arm would ruin Lian's life.”

“But then you die! Lian is dead!"

“Even if I die, I can’t do it. I won't allow it.”

Sirone's words became daggers and pierced Tess' chest.

Of course, Sirone is Lian's owner. Even if Rian died, he would not resent Sirone.

But then who knows what your heart is?

“Tess, change your mind. Lian wouldn't want it.”

"know! I also want Lian to become the best swordsman! But that's important to Ryan, not to me! I don't care if you don't have an arm!”

“Where are such cruel words! Can you say the same in front of Ryan?”

“That's what you're going to do! I lost consciousness, so I'll do whatever I want! Rian will now throw away the sword. So give up too! Senator, please start quickly!”

"You're holding a sword!"

Turning to Lian, Tess' face went pale.

“Look at Rihanna! You're still holding the sword! You're still fighting with only bones left! But are you going to cut it? No one can tell Lian to give up until Lian gives up!”

Tess looked at Lian's arm.

Why don't you let go of the sword? Are you saying that you will remain Sirone's sword until the moment you die? Then he wouldn't be able to monopolize him for the rest of his life.

But it didn't matter. Because that's Ryan. Because that's Rian... … .

“I love you so much.”

Tess buried her face in Lian's chest.

will not cure If he holds the sword until the last moment, he will be a swordsman even after death.

A weak voice escaped Ryan's mouth.

"frame… … S... … .”

Tess' head flashed.

“Rian! I'm here! Do you come to your senses? Does it hurt a lot?”

“Sirone, sirone is… … .”

"are you okay! You're back safely! This is Jess' house! You are the most slanderous!”

Lian tossed and turned and raised her upper body. As he turned to his bony right arm, his friends' hearts sank.

“What is this?”

Contrary to expectations, Lian did not raise an eyebrow. Being able to stay calm while looking at her broken arm was superhuman.

Tess realized Sirone was right. he knew How much determination Lian had carved into his sword from the day he took the oath to become a knight.

"What's wrong with my arm? How did you get so broken?”

Ryan was just offended. The nerves were gone, so there was no pain. It didn't feel like the hand holding his sword belonged to him.

“Lian, over there… … .”

At that moment, the greatsword fell from Lian's arm. The bones of five of his fingers were spread out and blood gushed from his shoulder.

“Rian! Ryan!”

The senator shouted, pressing Lian's shoulder.

“The bleeding has started! Come on, get the hemostatic and bandage!”

Nobody moved.

The senator was glaring at them with lifeless eyes when he heard a strange sound from Lian's arm.

snip snip

It sounded like a slimy liquid splashing around.

The senator turned his head and, like everyone else, looked at Lian's arm devastatedly.

The blood dripping from his shoulder took shape.

It is impossible. Even a recovery-type wizard could not cause changes in the blood's character.

“Now, what about you… … .”

Ryan calmly watched his arm recover. Little by little, as her nerves recovered, she felt that it was her own arm. As he carefully examined each muscle fiber, he asked his friends.

“What happened? Someone please explain.”

"You ate the giant's arm. You cut off the giant's arm, and the giant fed you. It turned into something like the liquid used in Ilhwa’s sake and went down my throat.”

“You cut off your arm? of a giant?”

It was only a fragmentary image that couldn't be called a memory, but the scene of cutting Ymir's arm came to mind vaguely.

'Still, I ate one shot.'

When I applied strength to my arm, I felt a powerful force. Is this also the secret of Ilhwa's drinking?

At that moment, the hall became quiet. When Lian turned around, everyone had their chins hanging down.

"what's the matter? Like people seeing muscles for the first time.”

“Are you really okay? Your skin seems to be regenerating right now?”

"Right. I'm fine."

Sirone shouted.

“It’s not like that, you idiot! You are asking how this is possible!”

“I don’t know. I guess it’s because it just happened like this.”

No matter how bold you are, shouldn't you be suspicious of your own body? Maybe it's not bold, maybe it's just stupid.

"done! You're awake!”

The wizards in charge of Canis shouted.

Raising her upper body, Kanis looked around with her eyelids half-closed and said with a frown.

"shut up. I'm going to die of sleep, so don't wake me up."

Then I lay down on the bed again and fell asleep without knowing the world.

It's a natural reaction since they were plagued by the sleeping horse's objet, but since the situation was the situation, the friends first felt dejected.

Arin stroked Canis' head and whispered.

“Good night, Canis.”

@

After returning from heaven, for three days, Sirone and the others were treated hospitably by Jis and Yuna.

The average sleep per day was 16 hours, and the job was to sleep, eat, and sleep again.

When we gathered in the living room in the early evening to eat, Sirone told me what had happened in heaven.

However, he kept quiet about the final war. 

Lian often broke things with her right arm. It became so powerful that it was out of control. Tess told me that it would take time to develop the small muscles that finely control force.

Tess cleaned and maintained the drone whenever she had time. They didn't let it off their bodies for a second, and even while sleeping, Amy and Arin had to tremble in fear every night as they stroked it while making ghost noises.

Kanis and Arin spent a lot of time talking together. I think I got what I wanted in heaven, but no one told me what it was. However, he honestly confessed that it was his own work that shortened Kadum's lifespan.

Amy walked around with her ancient spirit jack-o'-lantern lit. She pointed to the bouncing sparks and said she was cute, and Lian said her Amy was cuter.

When men and women hung out separately, Amy looked at Sirone for a long time. However, she did not get caught by her friends because of her thorough personality.

Sirone often sat on the sofa and was lost in thought. At such times, the face of Archangel Ikael came to mind first.

Ataraxia's insight was still etched in my head, still warm.

Everyone who left for heaven achieved the desired result, but no one received a gift as great as Sirone.

Canis called it foul play and asked for the secret, but what she didn't know, she didn't know.

'Ikael... … How are you?'

Metagate had no choice but to leave it in heaven due to the nature of its function. The coordinates were initialized, but if it was heaven's technology, it might find a way to bypass the maze's time and space.

However, at the last moment, Kariel couldn't disobey Ikael's advice. As long as she sides with her humans, the final war won't happen.

On the one hand, I wanted to see you again. When I thought of Peope, who grumbled and was soft on the inside, a longing rushed in.

“Sirone, let’s go to sleep. You'd better get some rest until today."

Amy stood there in her pajamas. It was beautiful in the moonlight.

Both of them had been plagued by a sense of duty to talk about something for the past few days. But in the end, they ended up looking at each other and laughing.

“Okay, let’s go to sleep.”

Sirone entered the room where the men were sleeping. Lian's snoring echoed in a small space like an attic. Beside him, Kanis was asleep with her pillow plugging her ears.

Sirone sat in the corner and stared into the darkness. He shuddered when he thought that everything he had been through was real. Starlight was reflected in the eyes of Sirone, who was smiling nervously.

That night.

Jis, who returned from work at the port, burst open the gate and came in. Then, breathing heavily, I looked around him and ran to the room where the men were sleeping first.

“It’s a big deal! wake up! hurry!"

When I opened the door and shouted, Canis's pillow flew in and smacked me in the face. nobody got up There seemed to be nothing big about the yard that had been to heaven.

“Wake up quickly! Don't be angry later!”

Sirone rubbed his eyes and woke up.

"what's the matter? What is it?”

“Quickly wake up the others and come down! We have to leave now!”

Jess didn't even have time to explain, he turned and went down to the first floor. And this time he stormed into the room where the women were sleeping.

"Guys! Wake up! Yuna, hurry up too!”

“Ah, what… … .”

Amy, who had been in a deep sleep, lay on her face like an animal. Then, as her mind lit up, she immediately realized the situation of her reality, raised her axe eye, and turned her head.

"hey! What if you sneak into the room where the girl is sleeping! do you want to die?"

"Ahh! Sorry! I'm in too much of a hurry!”

Jess realized his mistake only when he saw the girls in their pajamas. Sleeping with her belly button exposed, Tess was always grown up. But she really didn't have time to delay, so she grabbed Amy's hand and pulled.

“Don’t regret it later, wake up!”

“Okay, I got it. Guys, wake up everyone. I guess Jis has something to say.”

“Ah, I am tired. What is it?”

Meanwhile, men came down the stairs rubbing their sleepy eyes. Sirone snooped around the women's room, blaming himself for wasting time sleeping while working on a form at night.

Arin and Tess were tidying up the blankets while Amy was dragged out by Jis with sleepy eyes.

"I know you'll get angry if it's not really a big deal. I’m going to hit you even if you enter the room.”

"However much! Once you hear it, you will change your mind!”

After twists and turns, everyone gathered in the living room.

Jess started talking while thinking about what timing to say so that his friends would die of a heart attack.

“Do you know what day it is today?”

"I don't know. Is it your birthday?”

"no! It comes back once every 10 years... … !”

At that moment, Yuna, who woke up late, hurriedly jumped out of the women's room and shouted.

"brother! Kaios! Kaios!”

Sirone tilted her head and asked.

“What is Chaos?”

Do not lose to Yuna, Jis shouted louder.

“Water Dragon! The water dragon, Kaios, is coming here!”

@

“Mister, please go a little faster!”

The wagon carrying Sirone and the others galloped toward the port.

Amy bit her lip nervously. She didn't even have time to get ready, so she was still in her pajamas.

---------------------------------------