[354] Prosecutor's Faith (6)

After staying at the mansion for a day, Sirone headed to the restaurant with Lian and Tess. Clump was sitting at the table of honor and reading the newspaper, while Raina was busy preparing the dishes.

Sirone rubbed her sleepy eyes and nodded.

"Good morning."

"OK. Let's have breakfast.”

Rian, who sat in a chair while stroking her hungry stomach, asked Reina.

“What about Rai?”

“I left early in the morning. Did you know that he is an idle unemployed like you?”

As always, it started with a joke, but this time the horse had bones. As an older sister, the fact that her youngest brother was leaving for knight training couldn't help but bother her.

“Sheesh, it’s only been a day since I dropped out! And I’ll just have breakfast and leave right away.”

Reina said as she put the chicken stew on her plate.

“Take a few days off. Sirone came too.”

Sirone said while carrying the plate.

"no. I have to go back soon.”

I had a promise with Kang Nan, so I couldn't talk about the details. Above all, he himself was wondering why the president of the association was looking for him.

Since it was the day Lian left, there was a very pious atmosphere. However, the person in charge, Lian, gobbled up three plates of chicken stew and packed up as if in a hurry.

The only thing I could do with my luggage was simple clothes and a backpack containing a day's worth of food. Wearing a leather scabbard and sticking a greatsword behind his back, he approached Klump in the living room.

"grandfather."

“Okay, are you ready?”

There is only one thing left to say that the preparations are over.

The fact that he had won against Rai would give him great courage in his future journey. However, there was one thing that had to be pointed out clearly.

“What did Rai say yesterday?”

Klumph took his mouth off the cup he was drinking from and looked up at Lian.

“Why didn’t you try the swordsman? Grandpa knows.”

“Ah, that.”

Klump licked his lips and lowered the teacup.

I had been putting it off, fearing that it would sound empty, but since I was leaving for knight training, it wouldn't matter if I told her.

“The sword you are wearing is not an ordinary object. Have you ever heard of an object?”

“Oh, an object?”

Lian widened her eyes and drew out her greatsword. My heart skipped a beat as the features of Rated Control and Diamond Armament that Sirone had demonstrated last night passed quickly through my head.

Sirone and Tess also heard the story and came out to the living room and paid attention to the bayonet. It was a sword that could not find any special features other than emphasizing its chaotic shape.

Lian raised his greatsword vertically and looked up.

“You mean this was an object? So you didn't destroy it? What abilities do you have?”

Klump crossed his arms and crossed his legs.

“The official name of the sword is <idea>. His name is as great as his ability. To put it bluntly, <idea> is in any situation... … .”

“Even under circumstances?”

Clump raised his eyes fiercely and said clearly.

“Indestructible.”

Silence fell in the living room.

“That and?”

"huh? what is drawing is it not destroyed? Whether it falls into lava, cuts it with a saw, or hits it with a hammer, it won't break as much as a fingernail. Isn't it amazing?"

In a sense, it could be said to be the prosecutor's romance. However, compared to Armand, which has dozens of functions, it was true that it was so simple that it collapsed.

“Uh, that… … awesome It's incredibly amazing, but it's still an object. If the sword is destroyed, can't we just buy a new one?"

“Stupid. Do you know how important weapon durability is in real combat? Just yesterday's confrontation, if it wasn't for <Idea>, the battle would have been much more difficult.”

Even Ryan admitted that. No, looking back, I had already been saved by <Idea>. It was the moment when he blocked Ymir's straight punches.

Even the steel Cigna and Xd were crumpled like paper, but they couldn't destroy Lian's greatsword. Had it not been for <Idea>, Ymir's fists would have gone through her sword and shattered Lian's body.

"Anyway, it's that kind of sword. It's not like Rai didn't try swordsmanship. that didn't work Rai really wanted it when he was little.”

Ryan pursed his lips. He can boast that he has become a fairly confident swordsman now, but even when he was young, Rai was the source of his family's expectations.

“Sheesh, then I’ll give it to Rai. Why did you keep it until now?”

“He hates clunkiness. It won't fit."

I asked with some expectation, but the answer that came back was different from what I expected.

When Lian's expression turned even more hateful, Klump tore his mouth and laughed.

“Hey, what did you expect? Did you think I prepared it especially for you?”

“Who said what? Mind reading that doesn’t even work.”

Clump pretended not to, but Sirone could have predicted it.

Rai probably really wanted an <idea>. Aside from its function, it was a great honor to inherit the sword of the previous patriarch. However, the sword was passed on to Lian.

Even so, taking it as a joke must be the heart of a grandfather who does not want to burden his grandson.

“Shall we tell you an anecdote related to <idea>?”

"huh? Do you have an anecdote?”

Ryan showed interest with his eyes shining. Even if he grumbled, he didn't seem to hate the unique ability of <Idea>.

"then. When I was young, I went to practice swordsmanship just like you. At that time, I single-handedly subdued a group of bandits. It was quite strong. I was annihilated, but I also received a fatal wound before death. I came down the mountain with my injured body. However, a strange village appeared that was not even on the map. It wasn’t much different from other villages, but strangely, people were quiet and sullen.”

Sirone and the others held their breath and immersed themselves in Clump's story. It was a story about a fateful encounter between a person who later became a general of Tormia and an object.

“There, I met an old man and his granddaughter, and I was able to save my life by dying. When I came to my senses, the sword wound was completely healed. He does not know how he was treated. However, what remained in my hazy consciousness were words like a spell that I repeated countless times. I mean Smille, Smile.”

Lian, who was muttering in his mouth, asked again.

“Smille? What does that mean?”

“I don’t know. It could have been some kind of spell, or some kind of magic. Anyway, the old man seems to have been chanting those words all night long. So he came to his senses and looked around the town. There was an antique shop. It was a store full of strange things. The most impressive thing was that they were selling glass bottles of smoke. I asked what it was for, but the owner wouldn't tell me.”

From now on, as if to get to the point, Clump sipped tea and moistened his mouth.

“Then I saw a greatsword hanging over the counter. That is the <idea> you are wearing. I recognized at a glance that it was no ordinary sword. Then, as if possessed by something, it approached the owner.”

Ryan swallowed his saliva with a hard expression on his face.

“That, so?”

Klump blinked and said indifferently.

"huh? So what? Of course I paid for it and bought it.”

As the tension turned to a sense of collapse, the last word came out of Lian's mouth.

“Are you kidding me?”

Klump furrowed his right eyebrow as if he didn't like it.

“What is it, man? You said you wanted to hear an anecdote?”

Ryan scratched his head.

I was beaten by my grandfather again. Would it be all that fun to make fun of an 18-year-old grandson?

“You were just nervous. I thought I had gone through something strange that transcended life and death again.”

“Puhahahaha! Am I crazy, risking my life for something like a sword? Rihanna, take note. The true sword is to be grasped with the heart, not the hand. Anyway, I made a big decision and bought it. Treat it with respect.”

“Sheesh. sounds like an idiot. By the way, if it was a big decision, how much did you give it? Anyway, it's an object, so I'm guessing it's roughly 2 million gold?”

"that? 80 million gold.”

Clink! Lian threw his greatsword to the ground.

"shit! Crazy! Just buy a sword that doesn't break for 80 million? I'll buy hundreds of famous swords with that money!”

“It’s an object, man! And they say I live with my money, but what are you, meddling? If you're going to treat me like that, give it back! Give me 80 million to take it!”

"no, I do not want! If you said you'd give it to me, it's over. Now come and pay for it!"

Lian hurriedly picked up the greatsword and held it in his arms.

“Where is the swordsman who throws his sword on the floor? That sword is too much for you! Hang it in my room right now!”

"why? Do you think it might break? At some point, I heard that you hold it with a true black heart!”

Sirone and Tess watched the argument with bewildered expressions.

“… … They are two very similar people.”

"I know."

After arguing for a while, they stopped talking as if they were tired.

In the end, Ryan was the winner. Putting his greatsword back into the scabbard, he tightened his leather strap tighter than usual, as if telling Clump to look.

After a while, Clump thought of something and smiled.

This is the moment I've been waiting for for 18 years. Seeing it with his own eyes made the old man's heart tighten.

'The more I look, the more I resemble me.'

Although he seemed to have no talent for swordsmanship, the owner of <Idea> was set to be Lian from the beginning.

I didn't pay 80 million gold because the function was good. A sword that never breaks. Wouldn't that be the belief most suitable for the Ogent family?

And at this moment, all his philosophies were delivered to Lian through <idea>.

'But it's really strange. I went back after paying 80 million gold, but the village had disappeared without a trace.'

Of course, if the amount of 80 million gold had come into the mountain village, the whole village could have moved to find a good place to live.

However, there was also a subtle feeling that I couldn't tell Lian.

Perhaps he was fatally wounded and had just collapsed in the mountains, and that the month-long period of traveling back and forth between the village and the house was actually walking in a dream in a trance.

In any case, it was one of the most incomprehensible events in Klumph's life. Also, with the realization of that day, he went on a winning streak and eventually rose to the position of a general, a certified third-class prosecutor.

“Grandpa, then I’ll come back.”

Lian changed his expression before he knew it and said goodbye with burning eyes.

"okay. The most important thing is to protect you. Keep in mind that victory isn't always what you get in a real fight.”

It was said that it is better to avoid fights that can be avoided.

Taking his grandfather's advice to heart, Lian bowed with sincerity.

'Thank you, Grandpa. Thank you for trusting my ugly grandson to the end.'

Rian left the mansion while being seen off by family and friends. A carriage was waiting at the front door.

Lian, who looked at the carriage for a while and thought about her destination, made up her mind and turned to Sirone.

“Sirone, work hard. Even though I dropped out, I just think I graduated first.”

"okay. Take care of yourself too. Keep in touch often.”

Ryan looked back at Tess, who was in tears. She had endured so far, but when it was time to leave for real, she couldn't contain her drumming emotions.

Ryan gave a friendly smile. She is a woman with a lot of affection unlike a prosecutor, but she liked Tess like that. One day, the day will come when you will stand face to face with her.

“Tess, I’ll be back.”

“Bad child. Not even discussing a word... … .”

"sorry. I was short-tempered.”

Tess understood Ryan's choice. He was the one who should be understood more than anyone else. However, on the other hand, he was also angry with himself for not being able to savagely reject such an indifferent man.

“Finally, bear with me. If you treat me this coldly the next time you come back, then... … .”

Ryan hugged Tess with her broad chest.

“I will come back stronger.”

Tess pursed her lips and held back the tears that were about to spill.

'You don't have to be strong. If only I could come back alive... … .'

Then he said while gently stroking Ryan's back.

"okay. Be sure to come back stronger.”

After greeting everyone like that, Lian climbed into the carriage. He never looked back, as was his nature to run looking forward.

After the carriage started, the four men felt like the men's space was empty. That was Lian's presence.

Sirone prayed while looking at the carriage moving away.

‘Come back as a great swordsman, Lian. I'll work hard too.'

May Lian's future be prosperous.

---------------------------------------