[673] Radum's Secret (1)

As the brains in the vat were released, the members regained consciousness one by one.

No one lost their lives, but the feeling after regaining consciousness was devastating.

It was the powerful weapon of the Lord of Terror, and Sirone was equally distraught.

'What was it? Those memories... … .'

I thought it wasn't my own, but when I saw Ikael's face, I felt like my heart would explode.

'La Enemy.'

One more reason to leave the ivory tower test and meet him.

While the 17 people who had finished preparing for departure were moving in formation, Kargin approached Joshua.

“Are you okay?”

It was Joshua, who had become less talkative after seeing his son's vision.

"don't worry. I will do the border properly.”

“It’s not like that… … .”

“I wasn’t even in love.”

Joshua spat out.

“You don’t even know who your father is. he was always resentful He just felt guilty. That's all.”

At the words that seemed to brainwash him into believing that, Kargin didn't ask any more.

On the way to Radum's interior, the villagers were nowhere to be seen.

Maybe he's still trapped in the other side of the world, wandering somewhere avoiding Gallofer's knife.

“You have arrived.”

Quan said after arriving at the boundary line that separates the outside and inside of Radum, commonly known as Siren.

“From here on out, it's on a different level. You better be prepared.”

There were no noticeable features, but the feeling conveyed by the Ultima system was definitely a different world than before.

'tremendous.'

Inside the curtain of information surrounding the entire radius, numerous circuits secured their respective areas.

From Park Ji's point of view, it was a space burning with light.

“I heard rumors. A high-level concealed facility. I heard that even the best information wizard can't unlock all the encryption devices inside Radum?”

Even if Sirone could confirm the true nature of the signal, destroying it was another matter.

“How are you going to break through?”

In response to Aakman's question, Jane said.

“There are two ways to get to the heart of Radum. One is to crack passwords one by one. And another one is to shut off the power.”

“Cut off the power?”

Ivian said as if he had suddenly remembered.

“Come to think of it, it is strange. Radum is an isolated area, so where does the power to operate the cloaking device come from?”

"sun."

Rufist said.

“What I will tell you from now on is a top-level state secret.”

The crew swallowed their saliva.

“Now we can see the sky. Because something in the center of Radum transmits light.”

“What are you talking about?”

“At first it is in the form of a small sphere.”

An iron ball the size of a person's face was molded on top of Lufist's palm.

“It is a kind of seed. Plant it in the ground.”

The orb crashed to the floor with a thud.

“A substance called a light mineral transmits, absorbs, or reflects light. It's not on this planet, and of course I can't transform myself either. Just for the sake of explanation... … .”

The iron ball trembled, and vines twisted into strands rose above the surface.

“It accepts sunlight and grows itself. like a creature. It is estimated that there is a special design like a genetic map inside the mineral.”

Buds formed on the vines and opened wide like petals.

“It collects photons and emits energy. It will be easier to understand if you think of it in a way similar to photosynthesis.”

“No, I don't understand at all. So what is it?”

said Jane.

“For a long time, the kingdom of Tormia has isolated Radum from the capital. What do you think is the reason?”

“That’s because terrorist groups and sub-species cause accidents. In other words, it’s like a trash can in the capital.”

Sirone also knew that at first.

“It is not wrong. However, it does not explain the cause of Radum in the first place. From now on, I will show you the secret of Radum.”

Jane took the Nemesis out of Kubrick.

“Let’s get started.”

When Sirone with Nemesis following Jane activated the Ultima system, the feeling of 'Siren', Radum's internal boundary network, was realized.

Jane implemented an electrical circuit with a simple information magic, and Arya approached the circuit.

“By entering the first-class security code, we will cut off the power of ‘Real Flower’.”

Arya's role is Radum Seeker and Code Carrier.

The code was imprinted in the subconscious directly from the dragon mine, so even the person himself could not know the code.

Even so, since he was a top secret holder, Lufist also gave him the best bodyguard, Kuan.

Jane knocked on Arya's mind.

It is Arya's decision to accept or not, but the moment she refuses, she will die for security.

'Access is granted.'

At the same time as she thought, Aria's eyes flashed open, triggering the keyword hidden in her unconscious.

As the siren's borders became blurred, the landscape inside Radum began to reveal its true form.

Whoa!

A deafening alarm sounded and a skyscraper with the personalities of all races unfolded before their eyes.

“I-what is that?”

Wooden, stone, mechanical, and even buildings that seem too abstruse to human common sense.

However, the reason the members were surprised was the huge steel tower hundreds of meters high standing tall in the center, the deepest part of Radum.

Rufist looked up at the bud at the top of the tower and said.

“You’ve grown quite a lot.”

The hideout of the Aracial Alliance, which was overgrown only with rumors, was really a flower.

“The reason why the kingdom neglected Radum. It was obviously to isolate the garbage, but they were also just manure after all. Radum is a flower pot. Pots for growing ancient weapons.”

“Ancient weapons?”

Jordic turned to Lufist with a pale face.

“A super-giant interceptor. It is a strategic defense weapon that collects sunlight and emits it as a high-energy beam. Its power is powerful enough to transmit power to all of Radum's concealed facilities through its roots.”

Rufist finally gave the crew the real mission.

“From now on, we infiltrate the flower, take over control and steal the seeds.”

'Damn it, that's what it was!'

The reason why the Radum area was isolated when the first live flower was reported to the Tormia kingdom is that once the seed takes root, it is impossible to move.

Grow fresh flowers and receive new seeds.

The kingdom that made that decision shut down Radum, and sub-species hid one by one, leading to what it is today.

Koo Goo Goo Goo!

The crew looked up at the fresh flowers as the ground shook.

"heat… … open.”

As the flower buds unfolded, they were casting shadows on Radum's radius.

The area of ​​just one petal reached 200 square meters, and the sight of dozens of such petals unfolding was truly spectacular.

When the flowers were in full bloom, the shadow of the huge flower was cast in the area on the other side of Radum.

Perhaps it was as dark as night.

“Aww!”

The ground swayed up and down as if floating on the sea, and at that moment all the photons covering a radius of several kilometers were sucked into the flower petals.

Suddenly, it became dark, and the crew looked around and Lufist shouted.

“Intercept! Get inside!”

“Damn it!”

A single beam shot from a fresh flower pierced the western area diagonally.

In that state, when the beam was scraped along the boundary between the outside and the inside, a tremendous explosion sounded.

“You already noticed.”

The proof was that they immediately counterattacked after disabling the siren's guard net.

Mayray shouted, covering one ear.

“I hear La Enemie’s voice! He gave the order!”

Con shouted.

“Damn it! Do something! I'm going to die like this!"

The radius of destruction of the energy beam was so wide that it seemed impossible to avoid it in time.

"Jane!"

Jane immediately responded to Rufist's voice.

'Cosmic Rail!'

After casting the spirit-type magic, Jane's voice was heard in everyone's head.

- Tickets are not accepted for allies.

“What is this again… … !”

The grumbling bicorn's body flew up against its will and landed in the passenger compartment of a wagon with wheels.

"what?"

All 17 people were gathered, and a 1-meter-long rail was being laid at breakneck speed in the open scenery in front of the welcome passenger room.

Mass transit magic cosmic rail.

The movement power increases in proportion to the speed at which the rail is laid, providing the rider with the same environment as the inertia of reality.

This is to increase the convenience of passengers so that they can concentrate on battle, and it was impossible without environmental control, mental control, and physical control applied at the same time.

'As expected of the Magic Association Chief of Staff.'

It was the best customer satisfaction service that guarantees the autonomy of the passengers through the algorithm that moves along the rails, the air-based physical force that transports all 17 people, and mental control.

“Slow! sooner!”

Even though it was more efficient than teleportation in a situation where many people were burned, Rufist behaved like the truth.

'It's a bit difficult for 16 people.'

Jane blew the ceiling off with a bang, and the speed at which the rails were laid increased rapidly.

Even in the midst of this, the energy beams from the fresh flowers were approaching, scratching the ground in the form of an open umbrella.

The rails were being laid at the highest speed ever, and it was difficult to even breathe in the rushing wind.

The top of a building higher than the trajectory of direct sunlight was blown up by the beam, and chunks of rock fell.

As Jane unfolded the rail as if it were bending, the traffic line in the passenger compartment changed direction rapidly.

“Wow!”

“Hold tight!”

As the roller coaster algorithm was activated, the rails stood up almost vertically, and the crew grabbed the wall.

The energy beam narrowly passed them.

“Heo-eok! Huh!”

The bicorn, who had collapsed from exhaustion, hung his arm against the wall and said.

"It's a filthy bloody movement magic."

“For now, I approach the natural flower as much as possible.”

"What are you talking about? With this, it will arrive soon.”

Just as Jordyk, the master of the war wagon, stood up against the wall, goblins jumped down on hang gliders from the roof of the building.

“The one who kills eats!”

The goblins, belonging to the middle class of Radum, were short and enjoyed human flesh, and were a race with unique agility and even cruelty.

Jane sent a warning.

“It will be dizzy. Be careful.”

Rufist turned to the crew and said.

“Hey, mercenaries. Should I pay for it soon?”

Joshua aimed his bow using his eye skills, and Wig also drew his twin swords and prepared to face them.

"going!"

Arrows rained down from the goblin troops at the same time as the cosmic rail line curved like a torrent.

“Unlike things!”

The wizards who escaped the passenger compartment by teleportation responded with their own organs.

As the goblins fell one by one, Jane's eyes widened.

“It's dangerous!”

An electrical net stretched across the top of the skyscraper, blocking the path.

“The power of the flower has been restored. Shall we go down to the ground?”

"no. Get as far as you can.”

As the dangerous air defense facilities regained their functions one by one, the Cosmic Rail continued its precarious advance.

'little bit more! little bit more!'

Photons started converging on the petals of the real flower again when it covered more than half of the area of ​​the concealment facility.

Suddenly night fell, Jane shouted.

“Let’s land! I won't miss it this time!”

“Keep going!”

I had to get close to it for 3 seconds, no, even 1 second, so I could recapture the flower within the time.

The moment the giant sphere of light exploded from the battery embedded in the stem, Lufist shouted.

“Jump down!”

“This crazy… … !”

A gigantic flash of light passed by with a roar over the skies of the fallen crew members who were left behind by gravity.

---------------------------------------