cold world (4)

After the dinner with the royal family, Lupist and Fleur were silent for a long time after they left the palace.

Horses, horses, horses.

It was because of the stress of having to interpret all the words according to the standards of others.

“I’m sorry.”

Flew frowned.

"What?"

"just."

There was nothing I couldn't do to explain it, but it was annoying to hear the dirty talk of the royal family again.

“The president of the association.”

Flew sighed and turned his head.

“Aren’t you getting too sentimental lately? I know you're facing a gigantic event, but... …

“Sentimental?”

I?

“It has no special meaning. It was something you didn’t have to face, so I did my own favor.”

“Then it makes me feel worse.” said Fleur with a displeased look.

“If the former chief of staff, not me, had suffered the same thing, would he have apologized?”

Jane's face came to mind.

I wouldn't have even said sorry.

'Because it was a perfect combination.'

Realizing the rudeness, Rufist returned to his usual form and asked coldly.

“What’s going on?”

A smile finally appeared on Fleur's face.

“Since the royal family's approval has fallen, we can operate an additional 200,000 castle guards. If you place the drum line at the head, you will be able to lure the demons.”

“What is the expected time of the opening?”

“According to Dante, there are 16 hours left. I have to finish all the organization in it.”

“I will pass it on to command. Any other matters?”

Flew brought out what he had been hiding.

“Perhaps Mr. Pony noticed. It was the same laugh as ours.”

Lufist also knew.

“It has a different disposition from other royal families. You graduated from a magic school, and don’t you have quite a bit of social experience?”

Participating in a world beauty contest is considered a social experience.

“What should I do?”

It was a short but eerie question.

'If you've noticed... …

If you want to get rid of it, you need to do it now, as revealing it to other royals will ruin the strategy.

“What do you think?”

“It would be nice to do it. As a mage, he is an excellent talent, but it is not a matter of relying on odds.”

It was destined to die anyway.

“… … I will send someone.”

He's smart, but his magic skills aren't that great, so Hitman would be better than Assassin.

"yes. So next... …

Just as Flew was about to present his next agenda item, Pony appeared on the street.

The two people's steps stopped abruptly, but their expressions did not change like machines.

“Are you on your way to the Magic Association?” Rufist, who was polite to the royal family, asked.

“Miss Pony, what are you doing here?”

Pony, who was looking at Lufist and Fleur alternately, lowered her upper body as if determined.

“Please save me.”

It was a national shock for the royal family to bow their heads, but Rufist remained calm.

“You want me to live? What's going on?"

"I don't know."

Pony bit her lip and looked up.

"I'm asking for help because I can't even imagine what's going to happen."

'Certainly smart.'

It took only 10 minutes for him to realize that he could not respond to the danger and give up all power.

'The king is an illusion... …

It was undeniable that it was the key to bringing the nation together in the shortest amount of time.

'It'll be fine.'

Rebuilding with the puppet king at the fore, too.

“How far can you give up?”

He had already made up his mind, but Pony realized that it was the last time and was determined.

“It is everything.”

In order to succeed the king of the new era, Pony could give up being human.

'Mental murder.'

In order to survive in the hell where the demons run, you need to have this level of madness to talk about it.

“I’ll send you a separate message.”

Rufist said as he passed Pony.

“It won't take long.”

“Ah, what kind of lightning is this?”

Daris, who was packing up in the barracks of the royal castle, felt like the sky was collapsing.

'Dog-like royalty. Capital garrison, that also places a military band in front?'

Colleagues felt the same way.

“How strange. I didn't hear any information until yesterday. Calling us out of nowhere... …

I had an ominous feeling.

“Everybody gather!”

At the command of the battalion commander, the grumbling soldiers grabbed their drums and ran to the parade ground.

"listen carefully! From now on, we will march rapidly for four hours to reach the Denan Plain. There, it will serve to lure the armies of Hell!”

The soldiers whispered.

"I have a question! Why are the royal castle guards mobilizing? Military bands are deployed for each division.”

“The entire military band organized under Tormia will gather in Denan Plain.”

The hum grew louder.

“The entire military band?”

Even at a rough estimate, it was close to 3,000 people.

“For that reason, we are also participating, but there is no need to take it seriously. As soon as we lure in the armies of hell, we will drop out and the infantry will be sent in.”

It was a welcome sound to hear, but the danger of being on the front line still lurked.

'Is the probability of death about 5 percent? Then 150 out of 3,000 will die... …

Everyone was thinking the same thing.

“Then now go back to the barracks and pack your things. We will gather here again in 20 minutes! dissolution!"

The soldiers returned quickly, and Daris also took care of his military equipment with a distraught mind.

“Daris.”

When I turned around at the voice I heard at the entrance, Hanea, the royal court lady, was standing there.

"uh? How are you?”

At first, they were childhood friends.

Daris confessed first, and Haneah politely declined after thinking about the day.

Because she had suffered enough to get love sickness, her colleagues were also surprised by her appearance.

“Can I talk to you for a second?” The squad leader put Darris on the shoulder. “Go and come. I have the army

I will.”

Putting off all feelings of gratitude until later, Darris took Hanea outside.

"what's the matter? It’s office hours now.”

“I heard you. You said you were competing?”

If it was the Royal Handmaid, the news was quick.

“Ahaha! How come I can't... … . No, it's something you have to do, of course.

It's a bit risky, but... …

"i'll wait."

"huh?"

Glancing at Daris, who doubted her ears and asked back, Hanea gently blushed her cheeks.

“I've been thinking about it a lot, and you're right. It would be nice to start over.”

“So that means… … you and me... …

Hanea's face moved gently up and down.

“Come back quickly, don’t step out in front of me, and do whatever you can to live.”

Darris took a deep breath.

After such a short meeting, when he returned to the barracks, all his colleagues turned their heads.

"how is it? talk well...

The moment they saw Daris' eyes glowing with life, everyone opened their mouths in a daze.

“I will definitely come back alive.” certainly.

After completing the rapid march of 4 hours, the Wangseong military band joined another military band. A drum line of up to 3,000 people was formed in the vast Denan Plain, and the sky was calm.

Darris desperately calmed the trembling hands holding the stick.

'calm down. Nothing. I'll play the drums for about an hour, then I'll just take it out.'

The military band leader raised the flag.

"everyone!"

The sound of sticks hitting the drum continues in perfect order.

"March!"

Doo doo doo doo doo doo!

The drums of the fastest beat began to shake the plain like thunder.

The lead drum line moved a kilometer before the infantry followed.

'The distance from the lifeline is 1 kilometer.'

When you lure the demons, you will have to run like crazy for at least 500 meters to reverse the position.

After 30 minutes, the result of beating the drum to the point where my hands were cramped was revealed.

Demons with reddish skin were approaching, shaking the ground over the horizon.

'What's so many?'

It was more than enough to fill the entire horizon of the Denan Plain.

'I can't beat that! I have to run away!'

Everyone felt the same way, but the retreat flag of the military band leader was still not moving.

Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!

As the tremor equivalent to an earthquake passed through the soles of my feet, the colleagues next to me shed tears.

“Aww! Aaaaaa!”

Daris didn't lose and let out an evil roar.

“Patience! retreat quickly! I have to go now!”

The moment the 3,000 lives were focused on the military band leader, the retreat flag waved.

"Shit!" Darris, removing the belt around his neck and throwing down his drum, ran towards his infantry in the distance.

The race between life and death has begun.

“Hahaha! shoot! Shoot!”

Arrows resembling vertebrae flew up into the sky from the group of demons and poured down like rain.

The distance was still far, but several arrows from the bow pierced the body of the military band.

“Cheak!”

After confirming the collapsing colleagues on the left and right, Daris clenched his teeth and pulled his thighs.

'I can live! I can live!' The military band leader's judgment was good, and there were fewer victims than expected.

'5 percent, no, 3 percent. Never go in there! I can't go in!'

Hanea is waiting.

'let's get married. Let's go on vacation together and have dinner at a restaurant with a nice atmosphere! okay! I'm going to do a lot of naughty things!'

The moment the foot soldiers were caught in sight, tears poured out.

“Ugh! Ugh!”

That moment.

“Ouch!”

An arrow made of thick bones passed through the back of Darris' neck and came out.

Darris, who fell forward, struggled, groping for the body of an arrow stuck in the ground.

“Ouch! Kuck!”

When I looked up with a shocked expression, I met the eyes of the squad leader who turned around.

“Live, live… … save me... …

The moment he reached out his hand, the squad leader's pupils shook for a moment.

"please??????

Soon, he drove Daris out of his line of sight and ran towards the front with all his might.

"Oh, no… … !”

God is indifferent.

'Why me! Among many people, why am I! Haneah, Haneah told me!'

What kind of resentment does God have to punish a young man who has just begun to love?

'I don't want to die! please, please someone...

He was only there where the arrow had been shot and had flown along with the inertia of the world.

'I can't die! It can't end like this!'

I just couldn't run faster.

“Aaaaaaa!”

He tried with all his might to pull out the arrow, but his neck stuck in the protuberance did not budge.

“Ha ha ha.”

cold world.

"Want to see… …

n~i~I—r~rn~i—rn“!

As the infernal armies advanced, they trampled Darris' body to death.

“Hahaha! Kill! Kill a human!”

Just before the last piece of his brain shattered, Darris suddenly had a thought.

'If only I hadn't come here.'

Even if it meant losing my job, if I had given up everything and left with Hanea.

' why?'

Did you think you could live?

'Because you got a confession from the woman you love? Because there's only a 5 percent chance of dying?'

No matter what you want, no matter what you want, the wheel of the law just turns like a machine.

'I had a chance... …

A chance to give up everything.

Just before losing consciousness, Daris seemed to hear a voice passing through his mind.

save yourself

Whether it was an hallucination caused by the brain or a message from God, only he should have known.