What is God (2)

Sirone studied the eyes that seemed to be looking down at the world of high gear.

Emotions could not be felt, but the will to see was clearly revealed.

'Why snow?'

In the beginning, when living things were created, the way to sense this world would have been close to infinite.

'Why did you choose to watch?'

see.

Even if he is a blind human, his eyes are clearly looking into the abyss.

poetry in that sense.

'See the light. see the world I see the ichi and system in it. I see the heart inside me.'

If you didn't try to see, your thinking system would have changed, and if your thinking changes, your mind will change too.

'In other words, a completely different universe will be born.'

Come back.

'Why snow?'

Sirone was able to guess the identity of the pupil beyond the curtain of signals.

'That's the will.'

Visual safety.

The only will of the outside world to see this world was projected in the form of an eye.

'Therefore, it is inevitable for creatures to see.' what to see?

' god.'

Then where is God?

' iced coffee.'

Sirone realized.

'The question itself was wrong. Living things, humans have been seeing God since the first time they opened their eyes.

Even with God in front of his eyes, he searched for the existence of God like a person without eyes.

'We opened our eyes to see God.'

In the moment of entering the torn curtain, Sirone reached the final question.

at last.

'What is God?'

hour.

A signal that is spread throughout the universe, from which no one can escape, and which is independent in all dimensions.

'That's why it's snow.'

Creatures wanted to see time.

'A sensory organ that accepts light signals. In order to directly check the huge rhythm of this world... …

That will is the beginning and end of intelligence.

'Nevertheless, humans wander in search of God. Why does he think he is invisible?'

Because it's too huge.

'The size of time is the size of space.' Angels can check information from a very far place through 'Looking Down'.

is called the time span.

If someone could see a planet 10 billion light years away with their own eyes.

'Will time almost stop?'

If someone gets a view that can capture the size of the universe at a glance.

'Is there a god there?' when that time comes

'We saw God with our own eyes, so God exists, and we finally knew about God.'

Will I be able to speak?

The thought was over there.

'me : yes.'

Tired of going through an accident that passed by like a flash, Sirone took off high gear.

'What you see, I see too.' The curtain is closed.

“What, what?”

When Yahweh suddenly disappeared, users who were watching from the ground groaned.

“Where have you been? Did you jump over the code?”

A message came from the operator.

-User code name has been expunged. It has completely disappeared from the database.

It will take time to see how such a thing is possible, but one thing was clear.

"Yahweh."

It was the fact that everyone in this world wanted him back.

Undefinable space.

Being close to nothing was known by the reflection of one's own image in the darkness without light.

'Let's go... …

Sirone said.

“Outside the Gora World?”

Currently, his thoughts are flowing backwards, but the person concerned did not feel anything strange.

“This is me.”

The reflection of himself in the darkness was not a high gear machine, but a real sirone.

“No, I don’t know that either.”

The form of sirone in reality was only a shadow projected on the idea.

'How far do I have to go?'

I just walked vaguely.

It felt like walking, but it was questionable whether or not it was actually moving through space.

“What is it?”

He stopped.

'If there is no space, there is no time. Then what is this made of... …

Consciousness was painful.

"huh?"

Sirone looked around.

"What's your contribution?"

The accident was reversed again based on the outside world, but there was still no sense of incongruity.

“Isn’t it the hometown of iron?”

The memory of getting into High Gear for the first time and catching a Metal Rat was vivid in my head.

“Level 3.”

At that moment, the sound of iron scraping was heard from the place where the pile of scrap metal had been bent at a right angle.

I was used to this too.

"no way?"

When he ran there, the huge machine was teeming with countless metal rats.

'Yeah, that's right. I was going to hunt that... …

Recalling that time, he held a grenade in his hand, and a familiar face appeared on the other side of the machine.

"hey! Are you crazy?"

There was no need to check it with artificial intelligence, and the machine of Destruction Demon 707 caught my eye.

'What's going on?'

As the metal rats dispersed, God of Destruction 707 screamed, and two more familiar users appeared.

'Death Princess. The strongest code name.'

While staring blankly at them, the strongest code name approached and aimed a rifle at them.

Sirone remembered clearly.

'Obviously then... …

both said at the same time.

“Are you quarreling with us now?”

Undefinable space.

Sirone, who had returned to the outside world before she knew it, was deep in thought with a serious expression on her face.

'It's too late.'

reverse again.

'Because there is no space. So what did I just experience? Was it a dream?'

No, that's not it.

'It's not a dream. Much closer to a ball than that, literally born from nothing… …

some kind of illusion.

'What kind of misunderstanding did I just have?'

Consciousness shakes.

“I’m back here, Mr. Nim.”

Standing in front of Sirone's eyes was the aircraft of this Jess, and the door opened immediately.

On the bed sat Yoga's son.

'Fermi?'

I remember saying that, but now Sirone entered the room in silence.

“Jin, are you really Yoga’s son?”

Destruction Demon 707 heard the sound of admiration, and Fermi offered a chair.

"sit down. by the way… … Do you have a group?”

“I have something to tell you.”

At Yahweh 2's cold voice, the demons of destruction 707 turned their heads in embarrassment.

“What is so serious?”

“I’ve already experienced it.”

" what?''

“Now this situation. this moment. Everything you are trying to say by calling me.” Anyone else would have treated him like a madman, but Fermi became extremely cold.

“Sit down for now. Others are out.”

The seriousness of the situation could be seen just by the fact that the party was not even introduced.

The door closed, and Fermi asked.

“Is it time reversal?”

“No, it's not like that. I honestly don't know. After all, this would be my misunderstanding.”

Sirone confessed everything.

“The solar war is open. and… …

As the story, which was difficult to understand at first, progressed to the end, Fermi rested his chin.

“I don’t know.”

Perhaps that is the correct answer, so Fermi's insight could be said to be considerable.

“You went out into the world. And now it's right in front of my eyes However, it is still in the state of staying in the outside world.

Is that how you feel?”

“It’s similar.”

“What if you kill me?”

Fermi asked, sticking out his upper body.

“What if you kill me? Can you still get a chance to meet me? Even if I depart from reality, will you be able to meet me right here?”

"Is it possible."

“How can you be sure?”

“Because I’ve done it.” “You said it earlier. I heard everything you said This is exactly the 3rd period.”

There is no time because there is no space.

“I also cleared the solar war several times. Kill it, watch it die, Dr. Martin counterattacks, he doesn't... …

That's how I removed the variable.

“Hmm.”

Slowly leaning his upper body back, Fermi was silent for the next 10 minutes.

“The multiverse.”

Fermi concluded.

“From the outside world, there are infinitely many universes inside. The moment your heart moves, a new universe opens up.”

Sirone bowed his head sullenly.

"okay."

Having done everything possible, there was nothing left to try.

“Why did you come?”

Fermi asked.

“You must have heard everything you could hear from me, didn’t you? Why did you come to see me?”

"reason?"

Sirone let out a laugh.

"haha."

It will be like this.

“That's the difference between inside and outside, Fermi. You understand my words, but you do not realize the essence.” Sirone clenched both of his fists.

“What should I do in this situation? Shall we hold on to any universe and live? So what is the original universe? What about all the people waiting for me there?”

Fermi was there too.

“You think I can go back? Wrong. Even if all things were the same, that's not the world I planted my heart in. It's just a replica.”

“But anyway… …

“No, you don't know. You must be busy applying the current information to reality. That's why it's closed.”

" calm down."

"are you okay. Because you don't have to be calm. Shall I teach you why? do you know what this is all about? No matter how hard you think! No matter what I say to you!”

Undefinable space.

“… … That's how it turned out.” It's just an illusion.

What can be achieved in this place where any incident becomes a delusion?

'Where is my heart?'

Is the outside world an infinitely free place, or is it a place that is confined to that infinity?

'I want to go back.' When Sirone sat down and leaned back, he felt pressure as if there was a wall.

made countless mistakes.

'me : yes.'

If this is the case even in high gear, how would Nane feel after leaving the photon system in reality?

'It must have been very sad.'

Perhaps shed tears of blood and screamed evil?

'I won't be able to meet you. No matter what illusions you have, the sirone in those illusions is not me.'

There is no going back.

Even if you escape from any universe in High Gear to reality, even if you fight there.

‘There I give my heart back…’ …

Is it possible?

'Are you throwing away the Amy in my heart and loving the new Amy? This Cael and Guffin... …

Mackline Guffin?

"okay! Guffin!”

Sirone jumped up from her seat.

“You left the photon field. But how did you send Hexa? Could it be that you shot at any world?”

If it was that much of a belief that would satisfy them, they would not have sent Hexa from the beginning.

'I can go back!'

Moving quickly through the indefinable space, Sirone spat out words endlessly.

“Let’s find it. There must be some way. You just have to go in the reverse order of what you came in. So turn your mind around. Well, flip your mind. What does that mean?”

spit out countless times.

“I am going to undo the illusion. Whoops. what did i think My heart at that moment...

Even in the midst of crying, Sirone continued to think, but her steps stopped abruptly.

"wait for a sec."

A feeling of discomfort I would never have felt.

“I, now… …

The insight of Yahweh, who has thoughts comparable to those of Buddha, flashed through my mind.

“Why do you have a go and go ha gaksaeng rogugo?”