[355] Magic Association (1)

Leaving Reina's mansion, Sirone caught a carriage to the Magic Association.

Due to Lian dropping out and leaving the knight training, the schedule came earlier than expected. He could have stayed at Leina's mansion for a day or so, but he chose to go to the Association.

The embers that Lian left behind lit a fire in everyone's hearts. Tess went home, saying that she was going to start training right away, and Sirone also wanted to soak up the energy of the Magic Association, her favorite child of magic.

Arriving at the association building, Sirone finds Fleur at the information desk. The receptionist spoke on the extension line, and the flu came down five minutes later.

When she saw Sirone, she immediately frowned. She was out of Gangnan Island just in time, so no one noticed her.

“Why are you back already? He pretended to be very busy and did it all by himself.”

“The work was over early. May I stay here?”

Fleur's gaze toward Sirone was unstoppable. You don't even look embarrassed and ask me to put you to bed.

This place was a magic association with a grandiose name, but it was not a place to stay for children who had no place to go.

However, since I was instructed by Kang Nan, I couldn't bluntly refuse. First of all, because there were many eyes, Fleur took Sirone to the 3rd floor, the exclusive area.

“The chief secretary specifically requested and took care of it, but you have to follow my words from now on. If you disobey my instructions or wander around recklessly, then I will release you. okay?"

"Ah yes."

From the start, Fleur's harsh attitude puzzled Sirone. She hadn't done anything wrong to her, but it wasn't her kind eyes from the first time we met.

“Okay, you can stay here.”

Flew gave him a lodging house where he used to work overtime. In the small square room, there were bunk beds against the walls on both sides.

Sirone noticed and unpacked his luggage. However, without even having time to undress, Fleur called out.

"Follow me. I'll give you a tour."

Flew held the magic wand behind his back and walked down the hallway with a straight-knee gait. His chin was up in the air about 15 degrees.

“First, let me introduce myself. I'm Rabid Flu. twenty-two years old He graduated from the Royal Magic School at the top of his class and is currently a certified 8th class wizard. Of course, in two years it will be 6th grade. My current position is the 3rd floor manager of the Security Department of the Magic Association.”

"Oh, I see. I am… … .”

The moment Sirone was about to introduce herself, she stopped and turned coldly.

"I know. Ariane Sirone. Attending Alpheas Magic School. He can use ataraxia, the archangel's ability, and his specialty is light magic. Unlocker's unique battery grants mass.”

Sirone was dumbfounded. The person who didn't even know his face on the first day knew about himself in one day. The most questionable thing was that the attitude towards himself was too harsh.

“Is there a student named Dante at your school? You transferred schools a while ago.”

"yes. Do you know Dante?”

“Why should I know Dante?”

“Ah, I just went to the Royal Magic School, Dante too… … .”

Seeing Fleur's fierce gaze, Sirone naturally felt intimidated. She didn't know what to say to make her happy.

“When I was in my senior year, Dante was a distant junior. I know you beat Dante. But if you're only going to put that much weight on your shoulders, you'd better quit. If I were only three years younger, the first place in the kingdom would have been mine, not you.”

'I've never had to strain my shoulders... … .'

Sirone held back the words that rose to his throat. Whatever he said, it seemed that he would never get a good answer.

Fleur patrolled the third floor, guiding the department in his spare time. Even her gray-stained guards bowed her heads as if they saw her. Whenever that happened, she only briefly nodded her head in a stately posture.

Flew was trying to show the side of a successful wizard. In the end, what he said was a field trip, but in reality it was a process of training Sirone by revealing his position.

Just then, a sweaty, unkempt man walked from the end of the hallway wearing papers. Tension was momentarily revealed on Fleur's confident face.

“Hello, Sakiri-sama. good morning."

Sirone looked closely at the face of the man called Sakiri.

'That person must be Sakiri.'

When Alpheas and Canis were summoned to the Association after the Arcane Incident was over, the name of the investigator in charge of them was Sakiri.

He looked like a tired old man, but his eyes were sharper than those of anyone Sirone had ever met.

"okay. But who is next to you? It's the first face I've ever seen."

“Oh, I am on a field trip. As part of a special activity.”

Flew covered it up with lies.

Since the Magic Association is a key institution of the Kingdom Wizard Society, numerous students apply for field trips. Maybe that's why Sakiri just nodded and walked away.

Fleur took a small breath and looked at Sirone. The atmosphere, which had been stiffly held up until now, was reversed, and an awkward air flow flowed.

“Just now, that person is Sakiri-san, a certified 5th-class wizard. He's a very famous person in the Inspection Department. He can't even take a bone out of any criminal he gets caught.”

"Ah yes. I have heard of it.”

"okay? Hmm.”

Flew smiled satisfied for the first time. It was revealed that he was working with someone he knew even a mere magic school student, so the hurt feelings he had earlier had recovered to some extent.

'Now I have a rough idea of ​​how to treat them.'

With that thought in mind, Sirone was licking his lips when a man got off from the platform at the back of the hallway.

As he approached after seeing Fleur, his eyes lit up with interest when he saw Sirone.

“Flu, is that a sirone?”

Fleur greeted her with a flash of color.

“Ah, Mr. Gando. hello."

The man's name is Klein Gando. He is a member of the Old Guard, just like Flew.

As a battle wizard proficient in electric magic as much as his nickname of Gando of Thunder, his title was the Magic Association Guard Captain and his rank was a certified 4th grade.

He was tall, wearing tight leather pants and studded boots. She tucked her purple hair back and let only one strand fall down. He looked like he would have fluttered quite a bit when he was young, but on the other hand, he looked good like an angel.

Fleur led Sirone to Gando.

“The chief secretary asked me to manage it. Hey, say hello.”

Gando held out his hand first.

"I see. nice to meet. My name is Gando.”

"uh? hello."

Sirone, who was about to lower his head, shook hands hurriedly when his hand came in.

Gando smiled and said as soon as it became a ridiculous posture of greeting and shaking hands at the same time.

“Yes, you are much younger than I thought. I thought it would be a scary impression.”

'Is my image like that?'

It was a fact unknown to Sirone, who had rarely left Tormia. However, when I recall the contents published in the academic journal, I thought that such misunderstandings could arise.

“Are you on regular patrol?”

"huh. It's spinning from the top floor. How about the 3rd floor? Are you all right?”

"yes. As always, ho-ho-ho!”

Flew covered his mouth and laughed with the pride of being the manager of the third floor.

"okay. Kang Nan seems to have received a call from the president of the association. Maybe he'll be back together by tomorrow or so. Know that and be at ease.”

"thank you."

Seeing Gando's good impression and consideration, Sirone felt like a chimney wanting to tell her, 'This older sister is bothering me', but knowing that it would be a loss anyway, she kept it in her heart.

When Gando headed back to the elevator, Fleur's expression changed suddenly with a smile on his face. Then he became a shrew again and started rambling on Sirone.

“He is the one who oversees the Magic Association security. In other words, you are my direct supervisor. It’s Gando of Thunder, have you heard the name?”

He thought that if he knew Sakiri, he would of course also know Gando of Thunder.

"Ah yes. I heard.”

In fact, it was the first name I had heard of Sirone. I wouldn't have known Sakiri's name if a major incident hadn't happened at Alpheas Magic School. But in this case, it would be better to say that you know unconditionally.

Fleur was satisfied with Sirone's compliant attitude.

Thinking that this was the end of her tempering, she slowly brought up the story she had kept in her heart.

“I know why the association president wants to meet you. Is it something related to heaven?”

“… … .”

Sirone was serious and kept his mouth shut. Even if he was the person Kang Nan trusted and entrusted to him, he had to keep his security.

As his eyes sharpened, even Flu could not be treated carelessly this time. Even though he thought that he was not going to be easy, he was offended by the suspicion that the appearance he had so far was not a pretense.

“Anyway, it is my role to assist the president of the association. I will definitely go to heaven So I hope you won't be flattered just because you were invited.”

I've never been conceited, and I never even thought about it. But now, with these words, I could roughly guess where Flew's containment came from.

“You seem to respect the president of the association.”

Flew's expression fluttered like a fish freshly pulled from the sea.

"of course! The Sakiri-sama and Gando-sama I just met are great people, but to be honest, they're nothing compared to Mikea Gaold.”

“I guess so. He is a certified first-class archmage.”

“Ho-ho-ho!”

A tear welled up in Flew's mocking laugh.

“You really don't know anything. Listen carefully. Currently, there are 4 1st class archmages in the kingdom of Tormia. However, the position of president of the Magic Association is not simply about being strong. It is a position dealing with high-ranking officials, so you need to have political power and good skills. Then why was Gaold-sama chosen as the president of the association?”

Sirone pondered. However, the answer didn't come out right away because I couldn't get a sense of what level it was to be a first-class archmage.

“Well, are you competent in many ways?”

Flew shook her head.

“No, rather the opposite. Not just strong, but too strong.”

"too… … Are you strong?”

"okay. Because he has an overwhelming strength that sets him apart from other first-class archmages, he is able to keep his position as president of the Association while bearing the stigma of being a madman. Power first! As a battle mage, it is an idol and an ideal for me. So how could I not respect you?”

Hearing Flew speak, he was a much greater person than I had vaguely imagined. The more he did, the more he wondered why such a person was looking for him.

Flew turned around and said without regret.

“Anyway, I have to go back to work, so I'm going to my inn until dinner. The tour is over, so don't wander around without my permission.”

"ah! excuse me… … .”

When Sirone called urgently, Fleur turned around and looked back.

"before you go in… … Can’t we just take the elevator once?”

Flew looked at Sirone and smiled. However, he soon returned to his cold face and spoke briefly with his lips twisted.

"no."

Sirone stared blankly at her as she walked away.

“What did I do wrong?”

* * *

The next morning dawned bright after leaving for a boring day that was no different from prison life. Sirone overslept because of her friend. She couldn't even take a step until Fleur went to work anyway.

As I closed my eyes a little longer, I heard a bustle from outside. In a hazy mind, Fleur burst through the door and screamed.

“Hey, newbie! Are you still sleeping?”

Sirone opened her eyes and stood up.

“Oh, hello… … .”

“I’m completely out of it! Do you think this is your bedroom? Won't you wake up soon?"

Now, Sirone is starting to get annoyed.

“Hey, what am I going to do when I wake up?”

“Of course not. Then you did it to eat and sleep for free? Today, follow me and assist me. I’ll give you 10 minutes, so wash up quickly and come out!”

Sirone felt as if she had been bombed while sleeping. Faced with a morning that was difficult for him to come to his senses, his upper body slowly tilted and he collapsed back into bed.

But in the end, I couldn't hold on for 10 seconds and curled up and got out of bed.

“Aw, that’s too much to do.”

---------------------------------------