accelerate (2)

“Hmm.”

Pakma, the division commander of the 7th Corps of the Army of Hell, glared at Ifrit and lowered his axe.

“This is a bit… … Interesting?”

The boss yelled from behind Amy.

“Captain! Hurry this way!”

“Go first. I will take my time.”

“It can't be!”

I couldn't retreat without leaving the commander.

"don't worry. Don't overdo it. If we don't retreat now, the unit will be annihilated.” Confusion of the crew through the Spirit Zone

Rumors have been transmitted.

"hurry!"

Parkma burst into laughter as the members, alerted to Amy's work, rushed out.

“Awesome! Sacrificing herself for her men. Well, that's why bullying humans is fun.”

Amy kept silent because the longer the time passed, the more survivors of the allies.

"decided."

As Parkma swung the axe, Ifrit's body shook greatly as a strong wind blew.

“People like you are incapable of suffering. Whisper sweet words and melt them slowly.”

As a woman on the battlefield, she had already prepared for how the loser would be treated.

“It's disappointing. Is that what you mean by just doing it?”

Compared to his resolve, the demon's threat was rather ridiculous.

“I am an activist. Once in my hands, there will be no time for disappointment.”

that's also true.

Amy, who confirmed that the distance between her allies had widened, rushed forward with her eyes shining.

'He's the commander of the demon tribe.'

It was a mountain that Amy, who was aiming to become the leader of the Valkyrie Corps, had to overcome someday.

'Fire Fist!'

Ifrit's fists swung like a gale, and explosions of flame erupted in all directions.

Each shot was as powerful as advanced magic.

“Is this all?”

However, once you reach a certain level, power becomes a basic skill that everyone has.

“Even if it’s too easy, it’s no fun… …

Pakma, who broke through Ifrit's flames, twisted his back and raised the axe.

“I liked you!”

As he delivered a powerful blow, a tearing sound erupted from the three holes drilled in the axe.

Sound Wave of Corruption.

The moment she heard the irresistible sound, the scenery of hell unfolded before Amy's eyes.

'what?' A rotten arm came up from under the ground and grabbed his ankle, and before he knew it, corpses were filling up the surroundings.

'I can't move my body.'

Are you in shock?

'Is your mind still?'

I even remembered hearing the terrible sound.

“Huh...

Corpses crawling up from the ground surrounded Amy and opened her mouth with a hand.

Parkma was walking between the corpses.

"Hehehe, I finally caught you."

He approached Amy and held out a centipede with dozens of legs.

“Eat. It will be delicious.”

It was the height of disgust, but the mind of a trained wizard perfectly separated the situation and emotions.

'It's not that I can't move.'

It was an illusion that occurred the moment the sound waves were implanted in the brain.

'Time didn't pass.'

Time is an illusion of the five senses, and the brain separated from the senses cannot feel the flow of time.

Red eyes burned in Amy's eyes the moment the insect entered her forced open mouth.

Self-image memory can reset anything related to the mind.

At the same time as her eyes turned red, cracks began to appear in the scenery of hell.

'Return.'

in the state before hearing the sound.

When he came to his senses, he saw Parkma stretching out his hand with a grotesque smile.

“Caught??????!”

Amy's body reflexively turned, and Parkma's center of gravity shifted forward.

“Pooh!”

Flames began to burn in Amy's fist, which had amplified her spirit to the level of one sword.

'Eat this!'

With the rotational force raised from the lower body, an explosion occurred when Parkma's side was struck.

“Kuaaa!”

Black smoke was rising from the side of Parkma that had been blown away by the shock wave.

"you… …

Parkma's face was terribly distorted, but Amy didn't care and took a fighting stance.

“I will remember it.”

A light flashed in Parkma's eyes.

“Never forget. Even if it rips out my retinas, I will engrave your face on it. remember I will not forget you.”

If you are immune to mental attacks, the straight attack method is unfavorable, and Parkma jumped up and moved away to the camp of the allies.

“I hit it with the intention of killing it.”

I could feel the power of the division commander.

“Amy!”

I heard Tess' voice.

A cavalry unit led by her was approaching, cutting through the demons.

“Tess!”

Tess, who accurately drove the sharp sword into the eyes of the demons, pulled Amy up onto the pole.

“What are you doing here! They all retreated!”

Amy, sitting back to back, shouted while shooting flame magic at the rear.

“How is the war situation?”

“Completely pushed. There was an order to pull the defensive line two kilometers.”

Amy bit her lip.

'damn! I can't even beat a division commander.'

The difference in power was palpable.

The news of victory from the other side of the world, which sounds like beans sprouting in a drought, feels like a lie.

It was about to get stuck.

* ? ?

Sirone raised her voice.

“What the hell is going on?” Life dwelled in Seongeum’s eyes.

“Hell's armies have completely taken over the sea. Mitura, commander of the 8th Corps. He is the devil who rules the sea. There is no way for Jincheon to stop him.”

Sirone's expression changed at the name of the 10th corps commander.

“What about the demon world?”

“I haven’t opened it yet. Still, it's a shame to be pushed back. I heard rumors that you saved Kashan. Help my feet.”

As Seongeum tried to bow again, Sirone hurriedly grabbed her arm.

"do not be like this. If it's a fight against demons, you should help. But before that, check... …

When Sirone slurred, Lian glanced sideways.

'There's no way I'm not paying attention.'

It was something I was very much looking forward to.

I hope the command of the Ivory Tower evaluates demons invading the central continent as the highest risk factor.

“I know what you care about.

I heard from Taeseong.”

"huh? Taeseong?”

Power entered Seong-eum's eyes.

“If you seize the maritime power, Jincheon will attack Gustav right away. It can be said to be the headquarters of the army of hell. There, if we can seize victory, Sirone also realized.

“The army of Hell fighting in the Central Continent has no choice but to return to Gustaf.”

Even without a corps commander, it was a unit with Habitz.

“If you help Jincheon, we will help you too. No, by any means

I'll find a way anyway... …

"okay."

I couldn't watch the expression of that upright voice crumple any longer.

When he stretched out his hand toward the watering can, the material was released and the <Spell> returned to Sirone's hand.

The reason why motility can be given to the ability to create matter is because material is the spirit of Armand.

'It's a naval battle... …

The fact that they hadn't fought in the water yet tells how short Sirone's growth period was, but if it was material, he would be able to find a way.

“Let’s go, Lian.”

As Lian nodded vigorously and stood behind Sirone, the voice cast an etheric wave.

"thanks."

The moment the corner of Sirone's mouth lifted, the three of them disappeared in the middle of the mountain.

Heaven's Third Thousand Shehakim.

Ikael, who organized the army of heaven, visited the Eternal community, the Church of the Ten Commandments, ahead of the march.

At the call of La Enemy, nine executives went over to the bureau, but only one remained.

'No, I can't go.'

Upon entering the secret room, a woman who appeared to be in her teens was sitting at one of the long tables.

It was to the left of the seat where Chief Veron was sitting.

“What are you waiting for when everyone has left?” Son Yu-jeong, second in the ranks of the Ten Commandments.

Contrary to her youthful appearance, she must have been well over 10,000 years old and remained silent despite the archangel's visit.

'Was it really a good thing?' It was a topic that was talked about a lot in the White Watch of the Archangel Council, and in particular, Ymir hated it.

In the history of Heaven, before Ymir and Ogent, there were powerful creatures that reached the realm of destruction.

'It will get out of control. It's different from Ymir.'

Yoo-jung has no purpose in life.

In that there is no criterion for judgment, it is rather a tendency close to atrocity.

'I wish I could come to my senses.'

The golden ring that Ankera put on her head to restrain her became useless when Nane allowed her to abdicate.

“Will you fight for heaven?” Even so, the reason why she had to take her was because Satan, the nemesis of her angels, had descended on her kingdom.

'I need Son Yu-jeong.'

chaos with chaos

This was the conclusion that Ikael came to after much thought before the final fight with Ji Gook.

“For Heaven?”

Yoojung turned her head and stuck out her tongue.

“Why are you doing that?”

Ikael's eyes widened as he swung his hand, and the chair shattered.

Queek! Queek!

The one that hurriedly threw itself off and stuck to the wall was a non-human monkey.

“It is not just a question of a beast.” She came like the wind, grabbed the monkey by the neck, and pulled it in front of her face.

“Where are you now, your master?” The person Ikael is looking for is a descendant of a military commander who has attained enlightenment with the body of a monkey and has risen to the ranks of gods.

It was Son Yu-jeong, the great-granddaughter of Son Oh-gong.

Queek! Snuggle Geek!

Ikael looked up at the ceiling as the monkey pointed over the wall with a dying expression.

The halo rotated and in an instant climbed through the wall, and the sky at an altitude of 2 km spread out.

What a profit!

A frightened monkey urinated on the ground.

"where are you?"

The moment I pointed at the mountain range over the horizon, Ikael's 'look down' swept over the entire mountain range.

Upon discovering the oil well, she sighed and became a flash of light that stretched out into the mountains.

Keeing! Meowing!

As he landed on the floor, the monkey ran into the darkness of the huge cave, wiping away tears with his arm.

Ikael, who followed him, relied on the light of the asteroid to examine the blurry landscape of the cave.

I saw a girl lying on a bed covered in dry sand, her dark hair ruffled like a horse rake.

“Wake up. Do you sleep for hundreds of years?”

“Hmm?… ”

Yu-jeong frowned, put her hand in her pants, scratched it, and sniffed it.

cried this Kael, who knew how to handle her.

"wake up!"

“Ah, sir! really!"

As if it had never happened before, Yu-jeong suddenly raised her upper body and turned her head.

“I’m bored to death! Why are you waking me up?”

“There is a battle. Come with me.” Yoojung laughed lightly.

"battle? Do angels get old too? Seeing that your eyes are open, you've completely lost your taste?"

“Buddha allowed apostasy. There is nothing to hold you back now.”

Blinking, Yu-jeong checked the gold band around her head and pulled it out with her hand.

"what? Are you really falling?”

“There is something you need. If you win this war, I will give you freedom.”

Yujeong threw the gold belt away.

"no. bothered."

“You are still arrogant. Do you really think you will be safe even if you act like that in front of me?”

“What if it’s not okay?”

A golden glow emanated from Yu-jeong's eyes as she picked up the yeoui-bong and took a posture to jump out.

“What are you going to do?”

There was enough energy to make the cave explode.

'As expected, threats do not work.'

Ikael tried the second method.

“If you don’t want to do it, don’t do it. But shouldn't we be saving our friend from hell?”

"friend? Who are your friends?”

“Tenth in the Order of the Ten Commandments, Mortasinger. She is taken away by the ruler of evil and suffers her pain.”

"what? Malta?”

Yoojung jumped up.

If there is at least one thing to expect from her, it is that she knows the duty of a monkey.

“If you don’t like it, you can’t. Sleeping here... …

"wait."

Yoojung exposed her fangs.

“What kind of guy is this, the dog that bullied my friend?

children?”

Ikael smiled and pointed out of the cave.

"Satan."