[782] Justice of Evil (4)

* * *

The letter with Kashan's seal arrived in Tormia by the fastest route on the Red Line.

It was a registered letter delivered directly to the head of the dragon, and Albino left as soon as he read the letter.

"smart."

When there was no answer to his verbal knock, the albino opened the door and entered the room.

“If someone comes, look at me.”

Through the gap in the pile of papers piled up on the desk, Iruki, whose eyes were wide open, lifted her face.

“If you are a human, look at what condition I am in.”

Albino came.

“Looking at the crazy guy saying crazy things, it seems he hasn’t gone crazy yet.”

“… … What happen?"

Iruki openly revealed his troublesome face.

"Congratulations. Now you don't have to bother with chores.”

When the albino threw the letter, Iruki lowered his gaze to check Kashan's seal.

“What is this?”

“A scouting offer came from Kashan. go to the temple If you don't mind, I will actively support you in the kingdom.”

Iruki took an interest.

"That's Okay. I haven't settled down here yet. What kind of temple is this? Anyway, useless... … .”

The Mercodyin family, which served as the head of the Dragon Thunder for generations, was proud of the son who did not want to cut off the line.

“You didn’t like it, dragon.”

“You don’t go to the bathroom because you don’t want to poop?”

The albino kept his cool and watched his son who was absorbed in his work.

'Yes, even Mercodyne is just homework for you.'

This has been decided.

“Don’t do that, at least read the letter. The conditions are quite good, and you will like it.”

When the albino knocked on the table where the envelope was placed, Iruki stopped working and frowned.

“You said you weren’t interested. I'm busy right now, so go home... … .”

"It's a letter from Sirone."

Iruki snatched the envelope and took out the letter.

“… … .”

I read the letter as fast as my eyes moved, then went back to the first page and savored each sentence.

“Whoa!”

After entering all the contents into his head, he exhaled deeply and rubbed his face with both hands.

The albino, who knew what his son was thinking, said with a warm smile.

"go. the world wants you The situation is dizzy, but I can protect Tormia.”

There were no words spoken.

“You have a talent that others do not have. But even that talent is nothing more than a miracle of probability created by all mankind rolling the dice. Don't think it's yours just because it came to you. Write for the world.”

“… … I'll go.”

Iruki's eyes were firm as he made his decision.

“It would be fastest to use the Red Line International Station. Kashan will open a military channel when we arrive at Molton Kingdom.”

All countries under the Red Line have a magic circle facility in their association that allows them to jump to other countries.

“When is Baska held?”

“In the next 57 minutes. If you miss this, you'll have to wait 12 hours. I will go through the procedures, so go to the Magic Association now.”

However, there are many things to consider when jumping between countries, such as diplomatic issues, so the opening time of the magic circle is limited in accordance with international law.

'You won't have to wait in Molton...' … .'

In Molton, a border country of Kashan, it was possible to jump directly to Kashan using the Empire's military channel.

“It will still take quite a while, won’t it?”

Taking into account the delay of each station, we had to wait on average about 6 hours per country.

“Sleep, eat and eat on the way. Don't forget to exchange for international currency. If you have a good wife, they will take you unconditionally. Maybe not? Will your face eat you on another planet, or in another country?”

It wasn't worth responding to.

“I’ll meet Nade and leave right away. Please take good care of me even if I am not there. In the end, he's the one who will explode, so there won't be any damage to the kingdom if you keep him.”

Nade, who returned to Tormia with Liz, was researching an ancient weapon with the authority of a dragon mine.

“… … Please.”

Even the albino could not joke about the back of his son leaving the world.

Iruki packed his briefcase and headed straight for Nade's annex.

“Nade, go in.”

The kingdom's first-class secrets and documents containing information about ancient weapons were scattered on the floor.

Nade sat smoking a cigarette at a table littered with empty bottles and half-left coffee cups.

“It is a very good thing.”

Nade's appearance was almost a dead man.

"what's the matter? Aren’t these business hours?”

Iruki, who had picked up a bottle of alcohol that had been run over by his foot, asked as he put it in the trash can.

“When you drink, do you come up with good inspiration?”

Nade, scribbled on paper, patted his temple, sucking on his cigarette.

“Let me relax. You can think creatively only when you release the tension that you must do.”

“Then how about coffee?”

“Awakening the tired brain.”

“Then what about cigarettes?”

“It tightens the blood vessels in the brain to speed up the blood flow. I can think more than the same amount of time.”

So called, it was the three kinds of creation.

“Then die.”

“I can still hold on. because you are young It's all about choice and concentration. I'll quit everything once this is resolved."

Now Nade needed 120 percent.

"What's going on anyway?"

Nade, who was relieved from being immersed in the ensuing conversation, raised his head and looked at Iruki.

"glad rags? Where are you going?”

Iruki took out a letter.

“Sirone calls me. I think you need some help. I'm going to Kashan. You won't be coming back for a while.”

“Sirone?”

Nade jumped up on the table.

"I am? Did you call me too?”

Iruki pretended to read the letter.

“It says you are not needed. People like you just get water in a plate and snore... … .”

“Don’t play around.”

Nade snatched the letter and read it.

“Hmm, that’s it, right?”

Nade's eyes, blurry from fatigue, regained their clear firearms.

“Anyway, I’m sorry.”

"joy! to be sorry Go and help Sirone. Because I have things to do on my own.”

Nade returned to the table and wrote inspiration in scribbled handwriting.

“Let's see what I will do in this war. I'm going to make a lot of money and destroy those who made Sirone cry.”

No money, no war.

'cheer up. I can do it.'

Nade, who was a pure engineer, believed in achieving his potential when he became an engineer aiming for money.

"I'll contact you."

Nade raised his hand in silence, and Iruki slowly closed the door and left the room.

* * *

"Im here."

Sirone, who had been walking around Aganos's spacious room, jumped at the official's words.

'come! I'm here!'

Upon arriving at Aganos' castle gate, Minerva and the people playing card games, Uorin, were out.

The Empress of the Empire didn't have to come to meet her, but Uorin was just in a good mood.

'Because it's Sirone's friend.'

Getting to know a loved one's friend is as enjoyable as getting to know a loved one.

“Open the inner door.”

As Iruki appeared through the opening of the huge door, Minerva raised an eyebrow.

“Is that kid Iruki?”

The Servant that Sirone praised until his mouth was dry.

'Certainly not an ordinary appearance.'

He had light brown hair, one set of eyes, and was skinny, and his coat was bigger than his body, so the sleeves fluttered.

Iruki raised his hand while the people he imagined looked like Sein were watching with puzzled expressions.

"It's been a while, Sirone."

There was no reply, and when Minerva turned around, Sirone was crying.

“Iruki… … .”

are on the same side

He was a friend who would never change and stay by his side no matter what future unfolded.

“Iruki… … this person… … .”

Sirone broke down in tears.

'Is it like that?'

Minerva looked back at Iruki.

'A person who can be okay no matter how weak he is.'

The infinite mage's spirit, which even Garcia admired, seemed unshakable under any circumstances.

Seeing that Shirone collapsed in a second, she too had no choice but to acknowledge Iruki.

“Why are you crying?”

Putting the briefcase on the floor, Iruki smiled and came closer and hugged Shirone.

“Was it hard? Good job."

It was enough comfort, and Sirone, who was speechless, just nodded.

Uorin smiled and approached.

"nice to meet you. I am Theraze Uorin, the Empress of Kashan.”

“Thank you for inviting me. I'm Sirone's friend Iruki.”

Even with the apex of the Three Emperors in front of him, Iruki looked straight in the eyes and asked for a handshake.

'Mitochondrial Eve. Is it the eyes of a person who contains history? You did well against a woman like this, Sirone.'

Uorin understood at a glance.

'Extremely strong heart. Even though they're friends, they're really different.'

While exchanging glances, thinking that it would not be easy for each other, Sirone said brightly.

“Iruki is a researcher belonging to the Tormia kingdom dragon mine.”

Woorin smiled as if he had accepted.

“Of course you know. It must have been a difficult trip, but thank you for accommodating a difficult request.”

“You have to listen to know if it is difficult or easy. Please reserve a seat for now. Because I want to start quickly.”

It was not yet resolved, but the eyes of the people playing the card game were finally bright.

"great. Gando will guide you.”

The place we arrived at was the Panic Room.

It was small, but it was good for private conversation, and people who were new to each other briefly introduced themselves.

After the greetings, Wu-Lin conducted the meeting.

“Sirone may have written it down in the letter, but hearing it yourself will help you make a decision.”

The whole situation of the war, as well as the concept of atrocities, and explanations of Ex-Machinas and <Law Killing> were continued.

“Hmm, a weapon that changes the law.”

As expected, the part that the Servant Iruki showed the most interest in was the ancient weapon, the Ex-Machina.

Gudio said.

“It's okay to call them out and say this, but it's unknown how well you'll handle the Ex-Machinas. I have to take a test. Teamwork also needs to be checked.”

It's not that I'm ignoring Iruki, but the world's strongest brain was needed to handle the Ex-Machina.

“If I drop out, I might just have to go back. It doesn’t matter who recommends it.”

"of course. I don't mind anytime.”

Ness brought out the key.

“In addition, please keep quiet about the Ex-Machinas you heard today until the war is over.”

When Iruki, who failed the test, disclosed the information to his country, all strategies were in vain.

“… … I see.”

It was a problem that could have made him feel bad from Iruki's point of view, but he nodded his head obediently.

“By the same token, we cannot provide information about the alpha and beta fish we are looking for. The summary is here. Now then, go to the Ex-Machina.”

“That doesn't matter either. but… … .”

The people playing the card game stopped leaving and turned to Iruki.

“Alphafish and betafish. I don't know who it is, but I think I know what you're looking for.”

Agaya asked.

“Why do you insist on being human? It would take a lot of laws to kill Havitz?”

“No matter how the law is changed, in the end it is human beings who define good and evil.”

Gudio met Ness' eyes and asked.

"so… … Who do you think we are looking for?”

“Two emotions that will ripple through the purity of chaos.”

Iruki extended his index and middle fingers.

“The one who loves Havitz the most, and the one who hates Havitz the most. These two are absolutely necessary for <Slaughter> to succeed.”

“… … .”

Upon exposure of the core strategy, the card game players remained silent, neither affirming nor denying.

“Okay, let’s begin.”

As Iruki made his way to the exit of the panic room, Shirone and Uorin turned to each other and smiled.

---------------------------------------