[619] Decisive Day (3)

“I’m unlucky.”

When everyone was fascinated by Arganeth, only one woman let out an unpleasant thought.

It was Ned's mother, Teria.

“What are you laughing at about being good at meeting your husband and having a good meal?”

Ugly Husband Ballroom stopped his wife.

"stop. Other nobles will listen.”

"why? Do you know how embarrassing it is? Ugh, what crime did I commit in my previous life to live like this? That woman lives on a lot of money.”

Ballroom's face turned red.

“Today I am proud. It's Nade's test day.”

“Even if my children were well-behaved, I wouldn’t live like this. How expensive is school tuition? If you don't pass today, I'll get you a job at any factory... … .”

"stop!"

When Ballroom, who had reached the limit of his patience, shouted, the nobles around him turned around, but Teria, who had only evil left, did not blink an eye.

“What are you talking about doing well? Do you think there's a guy here who makes less money than you? If you're going to shout, make a penny and do it!”

Ballroom just shut up.

No matter what she said, nothing good would come out of Teria.

“Oh, the couple is fighting over there.”

Amy's mother, Isis, said, crossing the arms of her husband, Shakora.

“You can be sensitive. It's the day when your child has an exam. I just pretend not to know.”

Isis felt the tension in her husband's voice.

“Are you okay? My face is hardened. Are you worried that Amy will fall?”

“If you fall, you fall. That his own skills are only that. I'm just worried. Because Amy is the hardest right now.”

Karmis' red face is a special talent that others envy, but when this situation came up, I felt bad because I felt like I was putting a needless burden on my daughter.

"It's been a while, Shakora-san."

Iruki's father, Albino, came along with Arganes.

"yes. How have you been?”

As Shakora politely bowed her head, the albino turned to Arganeth and said,

“Greetings. This is Mr. Shakora of the Karmis family, Mr. Isis, the hostess.”

Arganeth bent her knees with a beautiful smile.

“I have heard of fame. My name is Arganes.”

“Ho-ho-ho! Of course you know. You are the most famous actor in the world. Please sign me later!”

Embarrassed, Shakora cleared her throat.

"sorry. Because her wife is so cheerful.”

“Oh, no. I am also a fan of Isis. How sad that you retired so early.”

Albino changed the subject.

“How is Miss Amy? Do you think the preparation went well?”

“From what I observed during the vacation, it seems that I have reached my goal. But the outcome is unknown.”

“Hehe, you are too humble. It's Karmis anyway."

“How is Iruki-kun? I heard that you are very talented.”

“That guy is messed up. I'll probably do all the stupid stuff on my own and then I'll go crazy. He came running from the capital to make fun of me when he failed.”

Arganes inflated his cheeks.

"What's wrong with my son? Even if he only looked like me, he would be the best man in the world. Anyway, the Mercodyne gene is too strong.”

No one would think of Arganes when they saw Iruki.

"by the way… … .”

The albino looked around.

“Could Sirone-kun’s parents have arrived?”

“Ah, you know Sirone.”

“Everyone knows. The only time Iruki talks to me is when he's talking about Shirone. It made him rethink his son’s sexual orientation.”

“Oh, that would not be it. It's a little hard to say this, but I think our daughter has an eye for Sirone.”

“Honey, something I’m not sure about… … .”

“Huh, hearing that makes me even more curious. Who is the boy who stole the heart of the youngest daughter of the Karmis family?”

Shakora turned her gaze to find the Ogent family.

“I heard that Sirone is receiving support because he is a commoner. The woman over there is Miss Reina, the third daughter of the Ogent family.”

The four of them found Reina, but couldn't find anyone who looked like Sirone's parents.

"Ugh! Really, why are you so late?”

Just as Reina checked the time and stamped her feet, the Ogent family's carriage arrived from afar.

Sub-butler Temuran opened the door and Vincent and Olina appeared.

Seeing the crowd of nobles, Reina approached them with pale faces.

“Welcome, Father. Fortunately, you are not late.”

"thank you for the invitation. But is it really a good place to come... … .”

“What are you talking about? Sirone is taking the graduation exam, and of course you have to come. Participants will be entering soon.”

A sleepy voice was heard from inside the carriage.

"what? They have already arrived.”

Reina raised her ax eye and shouted.

"hey! Since you went to see your parents, when are you coming back now? You almost went in without even seeing Sirone!”

“Anyway, I wish I had come on time. Anyway, nagging... … .”

Lian got down with a large sword mounted on his back.

Blue hair, sharp eyes like blades, and a perfectly trained body had an aura that overwhelms people just by looking at them.

'Sirone... … .'

Lian looked up at the top of the Colosseum, which would determine Sirone's future.

'You really did it.'

It was thrilling to feel that a situation that was unimaginable even when I took the oath to become a knight came true.

"uh? Isn't that young man's big job, the Ogent family? Looks like the youngest son, Lian, is here.”

“It’s called Mach’s swordsman. It seems to be getting quite a bit of attention among swordsmen.”

When the nobles recognized Lian, Reina subtly bent her pointing finger.

“You seem to have worked hard though, does anyone recognize you?”

When I first said that I was going to train as a knight, I really thought that I was sending a younger brother.

“I don't care about reputation. If it hadn't been for the Sirone graduation exam, I wouldn't have come home.”

“This is very! When I asked him, he made fun of my family!”

Rayna kicked Lian's thigh, but it felt like hitting a rock.

"ouch! Did you wear armor under your pants?”

Lian looked at him pathetically.

“When the hell is your sister going to grow up? I need to kill my temper, so who will take me with me?”

Tears welled up in Reina's eyes as she rubbed her toes.

'Now I'm trying to defeat my sister by force. It's sad, really.'

It seemed that the good times of pampering the youngest by pulling on his ears were over.

“Then, are you going to leave again after the graduation exam?”

“I have to leave. My life is just beginning.”

“You are very busy. Where are you going this time?”

"of course… … .”

Lian turned to the school and smiled.

“This is where Sirone goes.”

* * *

A loud bell rang in the dorm hallway.

“Graduation exams are about to begin. Participants, please go to the Colosseum.”

“Whoa!”

Sirone's eyes widened as he was sitting cross-legged.

Although I stayed up all night, my mind was the clearest in a year.

The mental strength that was consciously and unconsciously prepared for today has reached its peak.

'This is the beginning!'

Sirone jumped up and went out into the hallway like a person who would never come back.

It was such a perfect resolution.

At the same time, students rushed out from all directions.

Iruki and Nade nodded to Shirone as they walked down the hallway.

He is a friend that cannot be exchanged for anything in the world, but we had to have no conversations for a while.

“Here are the seniors of the graduating class!”

Upon arriving at the Colosseum, parents flocked to see the grandeur of their proud sons and daughters.

“Mother, Sirone is coming over there.”

“Ughhh!”

When Olina cried as soon as she saw her son, it was Raina who was rather embarrassed.

“Mother, why is that? The test hasn't even started yet."

"no… … I don't know just tears... … .”

It was so complex that I couldn't explain it.

“Still, please be patient. You can't let Sirone get weak."

Olina hastily wiped away her tears and pursed her lips.

'mother. father.'

Sirone looked at her family waiting at the south gate.

'Sister Raina. and… … .'

Standing there was Lian, who reliably guarded them.

'You're back.'

In a perfect state of mind, free of any distracting thoughts, Sirone's head was only making factual judgments.

As I turned my head with a cold expression and entered the Colosseum, Lian raised an eyebrow.

“You prepared properly.”

Reina thought the same.

Even when she was humiliated in the Kingdom of Kazra, she had the appearance of being young, but her eyes from a moment ago were no different from those of the formal wizards she encountered in society.

“Parents, please enter through the east gate! Advanced students are the west gate!”

Following the guide's command, the crowd gathered in front of the Colosseum was sucked into the building in an instant.

The participants who arrived in the waiting room were relaxing according to their know-how, and not a word came out.

“Whoa.”

Sirone also put on the 2,000 number bracelet given to her by the staff, took a deep breath, and waited for the time to come.

'It's been a long time since 2,000 times.'

The large-scale coliseum built according to the red line standard was equipped with a state-of-the-art 2,000 times device, and the synchro rate was also 100%.

It is no different from actual combat when the power coefficient of magic accurately impacts the mind.

Nevertheless, the reason why the 2,000 times system was used was that the condition of the participants could be checked numerically, that physical damage could be minimized even in the midst of deadly magic, and above all, for the safety of the spectators.

“We enter the Colosseum in 10 minutes.”

Hearing the guide's words, a thrill of a kind I had never experienced before stirred up my stomach.

Ten minutes passed at the fastest pace of my life, and the door to the Colosseum opened.

'let's go.'

Sirone, number 27, was at the back of the line, but the shouts of the leader made it clear that it was a different world.

“Everyone, cheer us on with applause! We are proud students of Alpheas Magic School!”

“Waaaaaa!”

It was like a shower of sounds.

Under the sun, the air shimmered in a golden light, and countless people in the audience were tangled together and could not be distinguished.

“Everyone stand up!”

As the students lined up in a row, principal Alfeas stepped onto the podium.

“I salute everyone who made it this far.”

During the opening speech, Sirone looked around the audience.

Advanced class students and their parents, teachers were seated on the opposite side, and scouts from around the world sat in the independently separated VIP seats.

'This is the graduation exam.'

The six items evaluated in the graduation exam were interpersonal combat, special moves, hill occupation, magical power management, tactical strategy, and self-defense survival.

The 4-to-2 ratio suggests that Redline puts a little more weight on combat power when evaluating mages.

After Olivia's explanation, the last event, the reading of the oath, began.

"one! We are children of intelligence! one! We never give up under any circumstances!”

In the midst of exhilaration, Sirone couldn't even hear her own voice.

'at las! at las!'

From the time he crossed the fence of Alpheas Magic School at the age of 12 to today, his journey passed by like a kaleidoscope.

“I will start the graduation exam from now on!”

Thirty students were placed in a circle along the inner walls of the Colosseum, 15 meters apart.

Six items were engraved as roulette on a huge hologram that completely covered the sky, and the pointer system in the center began to rotate rapidly.

From the moment the event was decided, 2,000 times were activated, and Sirone prepared to enter the spirit zone by developing a sequence ceremony at the highest speed ever.

'Person-to-person combat. special move. Occupy the Highlands... … .'

After tracking the events with my eyes, the indicator finally stopped.

“Wowaaaaaa!”

Shouts shook the Colosseum, and as if a switch had been turned on, everyone's eyes, including Sirone's, emanated the eyes of a beast.

'This is the beginning!'

Alpheas Magic School Graduation Test 1st evaluation item.

Self-survival (enemy annihilation).

---------------------------------------