[728] Body (1)

Arriving at the top of the white-black moon, Sirone stressed to the man hiding Kai's body.

“If you do nonsense, then you won’t have a chance.”

"know. I don't want to die either.”

A man named Jurak was a great resource in the Black District and had volunteered to participate in the survival test.

“I saw all the fun. I want to end it now.”

The words seemed to contain the philosophy of the black district, and Sirone was also curious.

"If it's a fight, you can do it as much as you like, right? Why did you participate in the survival test?”

“When I was just born, I went to and fro. Let's see... … Was it around the age of eight? I killed the first person There was no such thing as guilt. You tried to kill me first. Anyway, as time goes by, it gets stronger... … .”

Jurak smiled broadly.

“I wanted to see how strong you are. Actually everything is like that, right? No one walks by looking only upwards. It runs like crazy because there is something under it.”

"so… … Did you participate just for that reason? Do you want to know how strong you have become ?”

“Fighting in black is normal. As for how commonplace it is, if you're hungry, you just go into a random house and kill them. And you just have to eat the food he has. It's not fun, it's fun. that's just life It's not like a risky game. lets think. If such a demon appears, will White have the ability to handle it?”

Jurak waved his hand.

“Never win. We are gamblers who use our lives as chips to take the lives of others. Depending on whether the gambler participates or not, the battle of the law is also won or lost.”

“Then the odds of winning are similar… … .”

"haha! that's right. Doesn't White have to have hope to fight to the best of his ability? I deliberately send only the weak ones to lose a few games, and then take them all at once when they feel hot. And this time it was my turn to enjoy... … .”

A shadow fell over Jurak's face.

“I was stabbed in the back of the head unluckily. it's because of you How can I send a wizard? There aren't many of them in Black either.”

Sirone didn't want to hear more.

“Guide me to Kai.”

"don't worry. I brought in a weak one to raise the difficulty. It’s probably guarding it like a lifeline.”

Juraq, who descended east from the summit of Anarchy Mountain, said as he raked through the thick willow branches.

“Here it is.”

In the scenery proudly introduced, there was not even a living person, let alone Kai's corpse.

“What, what?”

Jurak hurriedly turned to Sirone and shook his hand.

“Oh no! I'm sure he told Roussel to watch over him! This was never my intention... … !”

“Activate. Suicide Squad.”

A card flashed where the voice was heard.

Suicide Squad (Summoned).

Description: The ancient Giltians chose to become friends at the end of their lives.

Effect: Destroy an S-rank card to summon the spirit of an ancient Giltian.

Special note: Triggers a blow of conversion.

“For Giltian!”

Unlike the souls commonly imagined, the Giltians tattooed all over the body were as vivid as the real thing.

“Gagging!”

The blade pierced Jurak's back, and it wasn't long before his clothes were stained with blood.

“Uh, how could the Suicide Squad... … ?”

It was the only card that Roussel had, but it required an S-rank card to activate.

“You bastard! Because of you… … .”

A sickly pale face appeared, limping, and a familiar woman stood next to him.

“Breeze?”

The person who triggered the suicide squad was Breeze from the White District.

'How do you know here?'

Breeze looked at Sirone with a resigned gaze and said.

"Sorry. I couldn't help it either.”

“Breeze! You traitor!”

Following her, three participants from the White District came through the brush, bleeding.

Atria gritted her teeth and shouted.

“Sirone! Watch out for that woman! They took all our cards and ran away! black… … what?"

Atria stopped talking after checking the face of the man standing next to Breeze, and Ballard put on a dazed expression.

“Russell? Did you participate too?”

Roussel had promised a future with Breeze.

However, Breeze's parents couldn't accept him with a weak heart, and the marriage was eventually canceled by a vote.

Roussel, who could not overcome his anger and used violence, was eventually banished to Black. That was 3 years ago.

“By the way, were you meeting? Unbeknownst to us?”

Even Ballard, who is in charge of security in the White District, did not know that the two were dating.

'Come to think of it… … .'

Breeze knew the details of the weapon card.

“Russell! How dare you trick me!”

As Ballard charged forward with his sword raised, Breeze summoned the magic return soldier that Sirone had given him.

“Kiaaa!”

Ten skeletons clad in old armor rose from the ground and waddled at Ballard.

“This, this… … !”

Since he had already handed over all his weapon cards, he had no choice but to fight with pure physical ability.

“Breeze! I will kill you!”

Breeze grabbed Roussel's hand and turned around, leaving behind the curses that he poured out as he blew the skull's head off.

"hurry! Come this way!"

The moment she heard the sound of flesh opening, Breeze shook her shoulders and opened her eyes wide.

“Damn it girl.”

Jurak, whose clothes were already stained with blood, stood there with his dagger driven right through Breeze's heart.

"detective."

By the time Roussel realized the existence of the latent special ability, Breeze's heart had already stopped beating.

“Breeze!”

Sirone checked the condition of Jurak and Breeze, but they had already turned into cold corpses.

“You look good, traitor!”

As Ballard, who had annihilated the return magicians, approached, Roussel collected Breeze's card.

“Don’t be silly. Even if you have a weapon card, you can kill a worthless guy like you in one shot.”

Roussel also lost his temper in front of his lover's death.

"shut up! You are no different from those who kicked me out! What did Breeze do wrong that she has to die in a place like this!”

“It was decided by voting! Peace is maintained in White because violence is driven out! And Breeze betrayed us! I mean with you!”

“… … Stop talking nonsense.”

Russell pointed at Sirone.

“Breeze participated in the survival test to save me. To get a CPR card!”

shouted Marco.

“Do you think that would work? CPR does not cure heart disease.”

“Of course it is. However, if you die and then resurrect, your body will be as clean as new. Everyone in Black knows that.”

Atris frowned.

“So you tried to save your brother? You were banished as black anyway. One of them has to die?”

“In Black, I am less than garbage. It is not a place for sick people to live.”

Russell was dying.

“The village chief told me to participate in this survival test and end my life with dignity. It was a life that even I threw away. But Breeze... … .”

Roussel's gaze turned to the dead Breeze.

“Breeze never gave up. He said that when he gets better, let's run away together. As long as this damn heart beats properly! He had the confidence to make you happy for the rest of your life!”

Regardless of whether White or Black won or lost, the two men intended to cure their illnesses and cross Mount Anaki.

To a world that is not divided into white and black, all gray that exists somewhere.

"But it's over now."

Russell looked back at Sirone with a desperate look.

“Kai is already dead. Please use CPR on Breeze. Because I'm going to die! Please save her only!”

Sirone looked down at the card with a bitter expression.

'Whose card is this?'

Then Marco attacked Roussel from the side.

“Give me my card! hurry!"

With 2 Black players still remaining, the weapon card was absolutely necessary.

Ballard and Atria, who had run up to each other, also had a fight while holding down Roussel.

“That's my card! Give it up!”

"shut up! I have a family! I will keep this, so you guys watch over me!”

“I am the one who fought the most fiercely here! It's all mine!”

Roussel, whose limbs were crushed by White's participants, shouted, closing his eyes tightly.

“Breeze!”

At the same time as the voice of despair embroidered the night sky, Sirone threw a CPR card and blew it away in the wind.

'It's a human life.'

It is the fierceness of a creature that cannot be beautiful even if white and black are in harmony.

'So, law, do not ridicule.'

Is there no choice but to live like that?

"mom! i'm going back! I… … I!"

“Breeze! Breeze!”

Sirone, who was looking up at the white-black moon, opened her arms slowly and said.

“Do not laugh at human life.”

The body that opened the immortal function emitted light.

* * *

Jin Seong-eum said.

"It's different from what I've heard in rumors."

Certainly it was.

'I thought it would feel a little warmer.'

He was a boy with cold-hearted eyes that could not be compared to himself.

'More than anything… … .'

Watching him made me anxious.

It was a pale temperament that seemed to emit something at any moment, like a concentrated flash right before an explosion.

'It's almost reached something.'

If you touch it, it will explode, but if it has come this far, there is a high probability that it will explode even if you do not touch it.

“Sirone, candidate for the Ivory Tower, I am Jin Seong-eum, the princess of the Jincheon Empire and the magician.”

"know. I heard you.”

As Seongeum moved, Mungyeong's eyebrows twitched and measured the distance with a serious expression.

'Twenty steps.'

The voice distances everyone.

“I also heard about you. I'm jealous, I'm annoyed, maybe I expected a little bit... … .”

'Fifteen steps.'

The speed of approaching Sirone was still constant.

“It seems very dangerous, but there must be a reason. Not disappointed with that. Rather, it makes me realize once again that you are my competitor.”

'Ten steps.'

From now on, it was the realm of a superman.

“But I also did not come this far with someone’s understanding. That's why, if I'm looking at you right now... … .”

'Oh bo.'

At this point, the voice's footsteps stopped.

“To be honest, I am angry.”

“… … .”

With her brow furrowed and grumbling, Sungyin took another step toward Sirone.

'Sabo.'

“For an ivory tower candidate, the ivory tower has no meaning anyway. What I really expected was... … .”

'Three steps.'

Mungyeong's eyes widened.

“For the first time in my life, I wondered if I would ever meet someone who could walk alongside me.”

'Hey boy!'

Mungyeong was frustrated.

“Sirone, your card is definitely great. But, unfortunately, I don't think you'll be able to walk alongside me."

The moment Seongeum's footsteps finally stopped, the three treasure warriors opened their mouths in disbelief.

“I’ll give you a job.”

From a distance close enough to breathe, the holy sound's index finger aimed at Sirone's forehead.

“I am one step ahead of you.”

Mungyeong shouted in her heart in the silence.

'Be proud of yourself! Worship the princess! Just allowing one step is a huge thing!'

I couldn't dare imagine the sight of Sirone looking at Jin Seong-eum's face right in front of me.

'This is the true voice.'

It was exactly what the Ivory Tower residents had said.

'What is so important?'

Before he came to Andre, he would have been furious at the words of Seong-eum, but now there was no inspiration.

"What about Kar... … .”

"huh?"

Seongeum made a puzzled expression, and Sirone stepped aside with a smile.

“If you want to keep that one step to the end… … .”

Then, looking back on the road that followed, he said.

“Please pass first.”

“… … ,”

The voice's eyelids blinked rapidly.

---------------------------------------