[560] Scramble Royale (1)

“Bounce!”

Knowing that they couldn't subdue Sirone, Shumin's party fled into the opposite hallway at the same time as the surprise attack.

'Are you insane?'

Casting attack magic on a senior?

Thinking that she couldn't stand it anymore, she cast teleportation and chased after them.

Betting on Sirone with a movement was itself a failure of the juniors.

The distance narrowed in an instant, and Suamin and the others, thinking that they could not escape, went into the warehouse as soon as they turned the corner.

Sensing the end of the hiding, Sirone opened the warehouse door roughly and looked around.

They disappeared as if possessed by a ghost.

'Invisibility Cloak. Where the hell did you get it from?'

Sirone's voice rang through the warehouse.

"come out. Because I know everyone is hiding here.”

When there was no answer, I floated the homing photon cannon around and captured the target through the spirit zone.

As the seeker turned in three directions, the golden orb trembled as if it were about to jump out.

“Can you see the laser? This is a guided missile. Once fired, I can't cancel it either. I will count to three from now on. one."

silence.

"two."

shaking atmosphere.

"three… … !”

Shumin appeared from a corner of the warehouse.

“Hey, do you think you can attack us?”

Alt appeared from the box, and Gerain crawled out from the gap between the building materials.

'Hiding is really fast.'

Gerain, who stood up, agreed with Shumin's words.

"that's right. Magic is forbidden on campus. Especially if you hurt a student, won't it end with a one-week suspension?”

It was to the point of sticking out my tongue at their shamelessness.

“You guys shot the magic first.”

"ha ha ha! great. Then we die together, okay? I wanted to be expelled once.”

'Awesome things... … .'

The senior class and the advanced class use the fact that the weight of life is different, but it was an absurd logic nonetheless.

“Okay, then I won’t use magic.”

Sirone thought it would be better to set it to the beat to get a confession, but Guerraine looked as if he had already won.

“Good idea. Then we'll go. Guys, let's go.”

Sirone moved aside and blocked the exit.

“Where are you going?”

“Then what are you going to do? magic... … .”

Sirone slightly raised his right arm and spread his palm, and Gerain immediately shut up.

As Kubrick's slot rotated in the retina and a sword floated on top, Armand was caught in Sirone's grasp.

“Geumgang Armed Forces.”

As soon as he said the keyword, the blade of the sword split open and swallowed Sirone in an instant riding on his right arm.

“I-what is that?”

The appearance of Sirone wearing a pure white robe was definitely intimidating.

Outside of the artificial brain, it emitted a purple glow and was even ecstatic when it turned around.

However, by the standards of the children in the advanced class, it was better than holding a knife in their hand, and their tense expressions relaxed one by one.

“What, are you surprised? You're scaring people.”

It was a scary thing to pass by a senior with a sword in a dead-end warehouse.

Shumin, who signaled with a wink, cast a wind cutter, and Alt and Gerain fired support shots.

'These... … !'

Sirone moved without even thinking about avoiding it.

Hearing the sound of metal breaking, Suamin and the others who ran to the door stopped in a panic.

“What kind of clothes are those?”

The spot hit by the wind cutter had turned to metal.

It was the upper of Ringer, a type of sapphire mineral that boasts the strongest durability even in heaven.

“Since when did you guys end up like this?”

"what? Kkondae.”

Even when I ran into them in the advanced class integrated class, they were kind and polite kids.

'There's definitely something.'

Sensing the need for interrogation, Sirone pulled out Armand's tentacles like peacock feathers.

“Ugh!”

Suamin and the others were terrified at the first biological material they had ever seen.

“Blow straight. who did it?”

“What, what! What are you doing with such a hideous thing! Are you a pervert?”

Sirone's expression was still cold.

“It depends on how you guys behave.”

"Guys! Let's do it for real!”

At Shumin's signal, the party activated their organs.

Fireball, Ice Dagger, Eruption.

For the first time, Sirone moved with sincerity to the magic, which had a completely different imagination from Wind Cutter.

As the molecules on the floor rubbed against each other, an explosion occurred like a volcano, and the ice dagger was pierced where the fireball's flame rose.

However, Sirone, who had already left her seat, grabbed the three people by the necks with her tentacles and lifted them into the air.

“Keugh! monster!"

“Then why are you doing this? This is justification. And like you said, I didn't even use magic.”

"shut up! A fugitive who gave up on evaluation!”

"shut up?"

Sirone's eyebrows twitched.

When you think about how much he looked up to his seniors when he was in the advanced class, he was ridiculously arrogant.

“Aaaagh!”

As the tentacle pressure increased, the faces of Shumin and the others turned red.

"say. Otherwise, your neck will break.”

“Kill! never say anything!”

He was sincere to some extent, but he still couldn't shake the feeling that he was being looked down upon.

He wondered if he really should kill him, and he had no intention of killing Sirone either.

'What should I do now?'

After thinking about it for a while, Sirone came up with a good idea.

"You'll never say that, right?"

"okay! We are proud wizards! Faith is unbreakable!”

"good. Then you can't. I have no choice but to ask Mark.”

“Ugh!”

As expected, the faces of Shumin's party crumpled.

Mark, who became a follower of Sirone after being defeated in the teleportation evaluation, went through training over and over again, settled down in Class Four, and still reigns as the fist leader of the advanced class.

“Despicably! Are you selling your junior's name? Are you still in your senior year?”

Seeing the honorifics mixed with Alt’s words, it seemed that Mark was terrifying.

'Well, a closer fist is stronger than a faraway one.'

Rather than Shirone, who is in her senior year, she must be more concerned about Mark, who will have to live with her for years to come.

“So tell me. Otherwise, Mark will ask you.”

Gerain, who was paying attention to Shumin, carefully opened his mouth.

“We are a hide-and-seek study group.”

It was a dark research society that Nade had heard of, so it was understandable that they were self-indulgent.

The study group in the shadows had a great sense of belonging and the area of ​​activity was extraterritorial, so it was like another society within the school.

“Why is the Hide-and-Seek Study Group following me?”

“I don’t know why. The president told me to take a look and come.”

Whenever I was talking about beliefs, I was blowing alcohol.

“Who is the president?”

But this time, Shuamin and the others refused with one voice.

“You can never say that!”

"okay? So, Mark... … .”

Shumin cried and ejaculated.

"It's true, sir. If you reveal that, you will be killed by the chairman, not by Mark. We don't even know why we're looking here. Please forgive me just once.”

Ironically, the sincerity was read in the fact that Mark's name was not being used.

After retracting the tentacles, Sirone looked down at the juniors who fell to the floor and groaned.

"Don't spy on other people's study groups again. Next time something like this happens, you guys are the prime suspects.”

"yes. yes."

“Stop going back. And don't skip class."

As soon as the words ran out, Shumin's party ran outside, and Sirone was lost in thought.

'Hmm, the research society in the shadows has moved. Could it have something to do with my portrait?'

The possibility is sufficient, but it was the first time I had actually been to a study group during class, so I couldn't conclude.

'I guess I can ask Nade.'

Sirone realized that lunchtime was approaching and turned to the restaurant.

'Anyway, those kids, can they go out? I'd have to turn around a lot.'

* * *

The scene of the restaurant I visited after a long time was no different from before.

The atmosphere was bustling as it was the only time during the day to relax.

If there is a difference from before, it is that the structure of the relationship has become much more diverse, unlike the early days when I had to fight by class and faction.

Above all, his eyes went to the fact that there was a 4D girl, Dorothy, on the other side of Iruki.

'Dorothy only ate with Luman.'

To be precise, the only person who dealt with Luman was Dorothy.

Anyway, even now Luman was sitting next to her.

Although he is a master of crowd control, he still seemed unpopular due to his selfish personality and fat body, and his clumsy body swelled 1.5 times during vacation.

Boyle, who majored in summoning magic, looked tired of watching Luman stuffing food.

“Do you feel hungry after eating that much? How much did you eat during your vacation?”

“Hey, I have to ask how many special trainings you did. I keep eating when I'm stressed.”

Iruki gave a short blow.

“You’re stressed because you keep eating.”

Then Luman raised his wildcat eyes.

“What is it? I can’t eat it, so I’m going to have a good time.”

“Shall I tell you how to lose weight easily?”

"huh?"

When Luman showed interest, Iruki tapped the table with his index finger and said.

"It's always knocking on the table like this when I'm eating or reading a book."

“You want to knock? What effect does that have?”

“As your fingers move, calories are burned.”

Louman jumped up.

“This is real! Are you making fun of me for being fat?”

Iruki gave a short answer.

"That's math."

Boyle and Dorothy turned their heads at the same time.

“No matter how insignificant the number expresses it clearly. The more you knock on the table, the more calories you burn. Even if it's just a small amount of calories, that's how much weight you lose."

Luhmann, who could not contradict the logic, quietly sat down, but his feelings were hurt.

'A child of a psychopath. you someday i... … .'

Then I heard a knock from the seat next to me and turned around to see Dorothy tapping the table with her index finger.

"What are you doing?"

"diet."

As Sirone watched the scene, Nade approached and whispered to him before he knew it.

“They are suspicious these days.”

Surprised Sirone confirmed that it was Nade and sighed in relief.

“Who wins? Iruki and Dorothy?”

"uh. Did you feel it too? At some point, Dorothy showed interest in Iruki. So let’s get in the way of you and me.”

“What is your conclusion? Isn't that nice?”

Nade said, frowning arrogantly.

"no."

“Why don’t you like it?”

Nade put his arm around Sirone's shoulder and spoke as if admonishing.

“Listen. Hanging out with a girl our age means you can do so many things. A perfect betrayal for us! You will never see that until I die.”

Sirone, who had been staring at her pathetically, removed Ned's arm and turned to where Iruki was.

“Then you can die.”

“Hey!”

When Sirone arrived at the table with Nade following her with a teary face, Amy pulled out a chair.

"I'm here?"

"huh. How was class today? Wasn’t it a special test?”

“It wasn't particularly difficult. The real turning point is when there are about 10 weeks left. Perhaps only Arin will be judged as Master.”

“Oh, that’s right.”

As Sirone and Amy chatted, Nade whispered into Iruki's ear.

“Do you think the two of you got along well? When Sirone wasn't there, I was worried because he was so cold-hearted."

“Emotions, they will compromise on their own. Don’t worry about others, just worry about yourself.”

“Hey! Everyone hates me!”

Just before Nade shouted, everyone suddenly fell silent, and his voice resonated clearly throughout the restaurant.

“Ugh!”

Nade's face was red, but no one paid attention to him.

Everyone was looking at the entrance of the restaurant.

“Mayada.”

It was the first time she had been to a restaurant since the first half of the year after refusing to be evaluated.

---------------------------------------