Key keywords (3)

The home of Satanism.

The fact that the first Yora was the first owner of Armand was a shock to Sirone.

'Armand. A unique carnivorous species among the Fire Tribe. I gladly accepted countless creatures.'

Before entering Ymir's dream, Louver had spoken in the central somnambulism of Drimo.

'Only once, he said that he had taken an object out of his own will. That's Armand.'

Strangest of all, there is no first Jorah and Armand in Omega's records.

'It's not expungement. It's not even o-parts.'

Hence Louver's will.

'If you use a dream engine, a non-physical engine, you can collapse the logic of reality. If they follow dream logic, it's no wonder I don't know... …

The question is, why?

'Why did Mr. Louver break the manager's rules and take Armand out to reality?'

Sirone asked.

“How does the legend of Yora come down? Armand, it must have been a long time ago.”

“Through dreams.”

Eden said.

“Not everyone has such dreams, but I have heard that some yora have strange dreams from time to time. If you collate their information, it becomes a clear story, and I'm guessing that it's probably the first transmission.”

“Hmm.”

Sirone became more confident.

“It doesn’t seem like a dream you have just because you have deep discipline. We call this a former dream, but the cause of the manifestation is unknown. I've never even seen one before. That's why I said I'm not sure."

"I see. Because it is the cause of the expression... …

The simultaneous events in Ymir's dream were blocked, so there was no way to check right away.

said Nade.

“Now that you know the secret of the Holy See, let's go back. If Seina-san makes a statement, we will gain credibility. It is to inform the world through a newspaper published by the Holy See.”

It was sure to affect the temple as well.

Seina shut her mouth.

'You want me to accuse the Holy See?'

Of course, she also views Lamigyo critically, but the whistleblowing was a betrayal of a colleague.

Sirone said.

“I know it's difficult. But if Seina-san doesn't do it, no one else can.”

Yahweh's words were not to be believed.

“Many people are falling for Satan’s temptations. They say that good priests are corrupting.”

Recalling the lascivious ritual of the high priest Maximus whom she admired, she closed her eyes tightly.

"okay. I will.”

Eden arose.

“Good. Then take Seina-san and go back.”

“What are you going to do?”

“I can't just leave the stronghold of Satanism and go back. I will make the demons repent.”

There was no fear in Eden's eyes as he watched the enemy lines alone.

Also, that was the absolute faith that Seina longed for.

'Enmity, it's not like war.' It is life.

A life devoted entirely to one's heart cannot be shaken.

said Iruki.

“Then do it together. Satanist leaders are catacombs. All of them are division commander-level demons.”

“You guys have work to do. If Seina-san stays here for a long time, it will be dangerous.”

He was the only person to publicize the corruption of the Holy See.

"It's already too late."

Hearing the sound from the rooftop, Sirone and the others retreated in a fighting stance.

"Geuk, they're like rats."

A demon with red skin and erect ears sat squatting on the railing.

Dark King Gultan.

As a member of the Catacombs, an assassination organization of Yahweh, they were demons who had the ability to image art.

“I heard from Amy.”

As well as the physical characteristics, the burn scars that occupied half of the face were almost certain.

“I thought he was dead.”

“Oh, that girl.”

The moment he remembered Amy's complete combustion, his wounds throbbed like crazy.

“Cheuk, expect it. After I kill you, I will cut her throat and go to her.”

Seina hesitated and stepped back.

'It's a great evil.'

Even if it wasn't as much as Shiok, I felt a terrible demonic energy that can't be seen in this world.

“Catacombs.”

Eden said.

“These are division commanders of the army of hell who were recruited from those who were more than 6.8 times more efficient in the Battle of the Great Yah. Currently, the succubus Miyo seems to have disappeared, but... …

After hearing the explanation, Seina swallowed.

all.

'6.8 times?'

Gultan raised the corner of his mouth.

“Mr. Giyorgi was right. They said that if the cult of Satan grows, Yahweh will come personally.”

“Where is Gyorgi?” Sirone's demon.

“Cheuk, okay?”

Gultan's tongue came down long.

“Maybe in front of your grave?”

Blue lightning fell from the sky, and the place he was in exploded with a bang.

Nade clicked his tongue.

"damn! Running away is fast.” Gultan, which moved 30 meters with the ability to penetrate walls, raised the middle fingers of both hands.

“Because I can’t.”

An old man with a beard, a middle-aged woman, and a young boy gathered around him.

“They are members of the Catacombs.”

Then Elka, a missionary of Satanism, appeared with all the villagers.

“Ho-ho-ho! You're caught, Yahweh. This is our home. You will never get out alive.”

The villagers, covered in blood, were all naked and blind.

"swimming… … lol… … Seina recognized the face of the person who was drooling next to Elka.

“Maximus.”

He was ranked third in the hierarchy of the Holy See, but now he has become a demon dog named El Cara.

“It’s nice, my puppy.”

As Elka's hand rubbed against his body, Maximus trembled and stuck out his tongue.

“Heh! Heck!”

Of course, he was also looking at Seina.

"Gulp Gulp. Gulp Gulp."

Tears flowed from Maximus' eyes as he surrendered himself to pleasure.

“High Priest… …

It's probably embarrassing enough to die

But, it can never be denied. because I like it so much.

“Knock-knock! look at their faces Don't be too envious. You guys will soon be like this too.”

"Don't make fun of human weakness, devil."

Eden said.

“Let’s go, Sirone.”

The Miracle Stream turned into the Hand of God, and Sirone ran to the front.

Nade and Iruki followed, and Eden moved forward, deploying a shield at the rear.

"red."

Elka whispered something in Maximus' ear.

"Ahhh."

Maximus, delighted by his imagination, suddenly screamed and charged.

“For Satan!”

The powerful divine power of the 3rd ranker has now blossomed into an extreme emotion, demonic energy.

'It's a big deal. All of them were priests at one time.'

Their gigantic demons merged and were absorbed by Marit, a member of the Catacombs.

“Haaaaa.”

Marit, a priest of Satanism.

“The emblem (magic statue).”

When the missionary Elka leads people to Satanism, she absorbs the demonic energy of the followers.

The absorbed demonic energy surged with red energy and transformed into a strange shape.

Even the cool-headed Iruki didn't look good.

"What is that?"

I couldn't understand it, but my instincts sensed that it was an extremely sexual form.

Nade was also confused.

'It's very erotic.'

It's huge, slippery, disgusting and you can't look away from it.

'Magic.'

Sirone's eyes lit up.

'Why is it sexual?'

The reason why the form, which is merely a biological organ, has a symbolism representing the horse.

'Good and evil separated from Ultima.'

It must have been the original sin given to humans after Mitochondrial Eve crossed the forbidden line.

'It breaks.'

Hand of God's huge fist rushed towards the emblem floating in the sky.

The old man with a beard moved.

“Clap.”

The elder of Satanism, Euphrates, converted the magic collected by Marit into power.

“The power of evil.”

The red energy emitted from the emblem collided with the Hand of God in the form of a fist.

“Keugh!”

Much more powerful than expected, it was a figure that could not be made with only the corrupted priests.

"Worldwide."

Marit spread her arms and smiled.

“Satanism around the world.” The emblem became stronger, and the male and female forms drove the human spirit crazy.

“Mika.”

The moment Sirone exhaled, electricity flowed.

- yes.

'How many members of Satanism?'

The sense of portrait conveyed information beyond time and space.

-Jive Kingdom 1,230,211 people. Tormia Kingdom 573,433 people. 2.03 million in the Iron Kingdom... … .

'Tell me the total.'

?32,987,753 people.

The words followed immediately.

-7 people have been added. 32.98 million

7,760 people.

If 7 people were added worldwide in just 1 second, it was a tremendous speed.

Of course, since the total population is fixed, the initial rising curve will not continue... … .

'It's something I don't know this time.'

emotional disease.

If we failed to respond to unprecedented diseases, mankind could miss the golden time.

Eden shouted.

“Repent, evil!”

As the divine power of Eden spread through the shield, the followers of Satanism began to suffer.

"iced coffee! Aaaaaa!”

Because he was a priest, his magic power was strong, but he could say that the possibility of repentance was high.

“Huh! my, i... … !”

A few awakened believers rushed into the catacombs with the rage of being taken advantage of.

“You wicked ones!”

“Tsk tsk, this is why it can’t be done. When to enjoy it to the fullest.”

Amidal, a member of the Catacombs, turned the boy's small hand into a gun and aimed it at it.

"bread!"

Nothing went out, but a hole was punched in the forehead of the priest who was leading.

"bread! bread! bread!"

Amidst the people collapsing, Amidal aimed all ten fingers.

Demonic powers, dreamers.

“Tutatata! Two tatata!”

It's a child's play, but the phenomena he imagined were happening in reality.

“Ohhhh! Krea God!”

However, even death could not extinguish the anger of the priests who were harassed by the devil.

"what?"

As those purified by Eden rushed like bees, Amidal pulled out his dagger.

Grasp the scabbard and handle with both hands.

“A hundred cuts!”

When I pulled it out halfway and closed it again, sharp black air raged around me like a storm.

“Aaaaaaa!”

The dismembered ones fell to the ground, and Armidal spread his palms toward them.

"haha! Cannon fire!”

cancellation.

When the dreamer's ability was lifted, Amidal turned his head away with a surprised expression.

White smoke rose in front of my eyes.

'Detonation?'

pop!

He hurriedly turned his head, but half of his face was torn from the impact of the explosion.

“Kiyiyi!”

His pupils turned black, and as he looked at the crowd, revealing his fangs, Iruki stood there.

“Get over it for a while. Because I feel bad right now.”

'What is this again?'

Disabling the devil's ability was impossible with human logic.

“No need to be surprised. If Siok is a math problem, you were only at the level of arithmetic.”

Iruki's thinking is based on the ancient weapon Ex-Machina.

“Oh, sir… … !”

Amidal's face had veins.

Meanwhile, Gultan kept an eye on Sirone, who was struggling with the Emblem from the ground.

'I only need to go in once.'

image art.

Being able to directly touch the human heart, he intended to twist Sirone's feelings.

'Yahweh's realm will be destroyed even if it goes a little wrong.'

The moment the Hand of God and the power of evil collided again, he soared above the ground.

“Now!”

Gultan, who seized the back, stretched out his hand and quickly penetrated Sirone's body.

"done! touched... … !”
I could see that 
the fingers that had returned after quantization were all swollen .

It was like trying to mold steel with your hands.

'What is this... … ?'

I heard Sirone's voice.

“The pyramid is missing.”

Gultan's body flew away from the hand of God's attack with the back of his hand.

“Cheak!”

Quantization was activated, but more than half of the impact was still in the body.

“Turn it off… …

As he put his crushed hand on his chest and groaned, Maximus' voice was heard.

“Sena. my, i... …

Let him, who passed through Eden's sacred shield, hold out his hand in tears.

“High Priestess.”

Seina also cried.