[94] Genius who lost his light (3)

Alpheas liked her like that. The intelligence of a ten-year-old does not necessarily mean that the mind itself is a ten-year-old. Tears welled up in her eyes as she thought about what her husband would be saddened by for failing to win the award.

“Honey, I… … .”

Alpheas took out the golden medallion with trembling hands.

“I did it! I rode it! It’s a Gold Circle Award!”

Erina is always calm and calm, but this time, her bright eyes, which seemed to contain the world, couldn't help but waver. The day that Alpheas had been talking about had really come.

"congratulation. I knew you would ride.”

“Erina, thanks to you. that you did everything Come and see. I will walk you.”

Alpheas thought that the true owner of the Gold Circle was Erina. Of course, the honest Klump didn't understand. He thought that Alpheas, who deciphered the true meaning of Erina's childish words, was more remarkable. But Alpheas knew. That the small idea that came from Erina's head would become the core code responsible for the future of mankind.

“This is your award. Your thoughts shocked the world.”

As Alpheas pushed out his lips and approached, Erina pulled herself out like a bridesmaid and said.

“I need to eat. Come quickly.”

"Oh sorry. Klump is throwing a party so I think we should go. I will eat rice later.”

"Oh yeah."

Erina couldn't hide her sadness this time either. Then her Alpheus laughed at her mischievously and lifted her up. & nbsp;

"That's why you say you have to save time to eat."

“Kyaaak!”

Alpheas strode up the stairs to the second floor while holding Erina in his arms.

"Wait! I will burn the bread with this.”

“Tell me to ride! Otherwise I will burn!”

After Alpheas won the award, dozens of invitations flew in every single day. All of them were sent by nobles or organizations that were said to be the best. To get along with everyone is to get along with nobody. His reputation quickly spread thanks to his ransom while refusing any connections other than necessary. As part of that strategy, Alpheas left home today to attend a dinner invited by the Alchemy Foundation. It was an institution in charge of 40 percent of the volume of magical materials transported, so it was a position that could not be left out.

But Sarov and his friends, unaware of this fact, were camped out in front of Alpheas' house before the sun went down. Their mood as they waited for the evening to come was beyond their comprehension.

Sarov sighed.

“Haa, that hurts your pride.”

“Do you have a problem with your ego? Even if the value went up, it went up too much. Speaking of Alpheas. He wasn't just a man good at magic. He should have predicted it in advance.”

Sarov was also full of regret. When he won the Gold Circle award, he had to somehow blend in with the crowd and clear up the sediment. It had only been a month since he received the award, but Alfeas' reputation had risen to the point of being intimidated. All of this was due to his outstanding political skills. Now, as Alpheas also covers people, the gap that Sarov could squeeze into had to become even narrower.

'Oh shit. I didn't want to lower my head, but it made me kneel down. Why doesn't this happen?'

It was a question that could not be answered no matter how much I thought about it. It was comforting that there were friends who were with me, so the embarrassment would be a little less.

“Go in slowly. I will speak.”

Sarov took the lead and knocked on the door of Alpheas' house.

“Is there Alpheas? I am Sarov.”

The person who opened the door was unexpectedly Erina.

"who are you?"

“Oh, your wife is there. I don't know if you remember, but I'm Sarov, a classmate of Alfeas. Are you at Alfeas' house?”

"no. Her husband is out. It’s the Alchemy Foundation.”

I knew that there was a dinner party at the Alchemy Foundation. But since it's not a drinking party, it won't take long. Sarov said politely, thinking that it was better.

"okay. If you don't mind, may I go in and wait? Because people are paying attention... … .”

It was embarrassing to have come all the way to the house, but it was clear that I would get caught up in gossip if I snooped in front of the door.

“Yes, come in.”

Sarov sat in the living room with his friends and rubbed his hands nervously. It seemed pitiful to see them, but Erina invited them to the table and served them snacks and drinks.

“You are eating something. Her husband will eat there.”

"thank you. You are very kind.”

Sarov, quite embarrassed, regretted not bringing a present. He bought it just in case, but when he tried to carry it, he couldn't stand it because he was upset.

It's not about skill. No matter how much he cut off ties from both families of Alpheas and Erina, he had a name value of the first class, and he thought that it would have had some influence on the evaluation.

As I passed the drink with such thoughts, I quickly became drunk. At first, she endured with her nervousness, but from the moment she felt Erina's level of intelligence, her mind was relaxed without realizing it.

“I mean! Even so, he was once called a genius. I, it is me!”

“Who is not? The world is so unfair! People who have worked hard write porridge, and anyone can get ahead with connections! Magic is already dead!”

One of Sarov's eyebrows went up at his friend's words. The person his friend was shooting was none other than Alfeas. But he let it go. Anyway, Erina wouldn't even know what she was talking about. She was suddenly drunk. Maybe she won Alfeas for the first time? How could she criticize so loudly in front of her wife?

'Hmph, what an insult that bastard gave me. This is about medicine, medicine and medicine.'

Sarov went one step further and spoke to Erina.

“Isn’t that so, Mr. Jesu? As for magic, it's not something that can only be done with skill. Do you agree with Jesu?”

“Yes, I don’t know.”

"ha ha ha! sure. You wouldn't know. But it's true. Everything I say is true.”

Sarov tasted the thrill of victory. In addition to criticizing Alpheas, he was sarcastic towards his wife. The friends who caught Sarov's intention joined by knocking on the table.

“Jesu-ssi, the atmosphere is great, but why don’t you try singing a song?”

"is it so! Pick a song to celebrate the success of Alfeas.”

Erina's smile hardened. People think that if they are less intelligent, they will not know anything. However, reading the emotions of others has always been the responsibility of the weak. She also knew that Sarov's party was not friendly. Even so, she was just trying to accept her husband's friends.

“When the wheat in my hometown is ripe… … .”

As Erina started singing, Sarov and the others clapped and blew whistles. In the meantime, she continued to sing with a trembling tone.

But before I could sing three bars, a cold voice came from the living room.

“What are you doing?”

I turned my head without saying who it was. Alpheas stood with her fists clenched with a red face. Saroff sobered up. When his sanity returned, he finally realized what he was doing.

“Mi, I’m sorry. It looks like we had too much to drink.”

“You son of a bitch!”

Alfeas, who had strode forward, swung his fist. Sarov, who had been hit in the face with a straight blow, fell to the floor. Then the friends jumped up and shouted.

“Alfeas! What a nasty thing! No matter how angry you are... … !”

“No, that’s okay. quit.”

Sarov raised his hand to stop his friends. he was ashamed of himself Was I just like this? Was it just a loser taking comfort in flirting with a competitor's wife?

“Get out, before I kill you. Get out of this house right now!”

“I’m sorry about what happened today. I won't come back in the future.”

Sarov and his friends are kicked out of Alfeas' house. There was silence in the living room where the uninvited guest had left. Alpheas had no way to stop his rising anger. I knew why they had her Erina sing her songs.

"What happened? Why are those children here?”

Erina was terrified and said nothing. It was the first time her husband had ever been so angry.

"say! Why did you bring those children in!”

"sorry. Because I'm your friend, I know you'll like it... … .”

“What are you talking about? Why is that kid my friend? Can't tell the difference between a real friend and a friend? Are you still singing? What a fool you are!”

Alpheas turned wildly. His face contorted with regret as he lowered his head. Words that he should never have used, and that he had sworn he would never use, slipped out of his mouth.

'You trash child. I'm not even a person.'

I wanted to turn back time, but it was already too late. No, even if he returned it, he might have said the same thing. I couldn't contain my anger and it was driving me crazy.

“Forget what you just said. I made a mistake."

“Honey, I was wrong. I won't do that anymore.”

Erina's words made her heart ache even more. It's not her job to apologize. But then, where the hell am I supposed to throw this resentment?

“I’ll go get some fresh air. You'll be fine with time. Sorry. Sleep first today.”

Alpheas left the house. That was the only way to rationally resolve the current situation. 

He went to the inn where Klump was staying and drank all night. he didn't get drunk As he grew drunker, Sarov was erased from his memory, and only the scars Erina must have received came to mind.

“Damn it. i'm trash I don't deserve a husband. I'm the only one who trusted and followed her. For me to talk to her like that.”

Clump made a pitiful expression. Because he was a man himself, he could understand Alfeas' anger. But he didn't change the idea that he made a mistake.

“They say that a husband and wife fight is like cutting water with a knife. The future is bright now, and the bad times have passed. Wouldn’t it be possible to get closer with today?”

As Alpheas remained silent, Clump brought up what he had been thinking about before.

"Why don't you have a baby now?"

Alpheas' eyes twinkled for a moment. But she shook her head with a grim expression.

Guessing something, Klump raised his eyes in surprise.

“What, you, can’t you? Not even once... … .”

“What nonsense are you talking about? we are a couple No matter how young Erina is, she knows everything.”

“Sheesh, who said what? It means that you might be a eunuch, not Jesu. I'm talking about being dishonest. Kuck.”

Alpheas, not in the mood to laugh, stared at the glass and poured it bitterly.

Clump sighed and said.

“I am So what the hell is wrong? It’s enough to have a baby and live happily ever after.”

“Erina is… … I don't know if she will be able to bear children.”

"why? Are you not feeling well anywhere?”

"no. Actually it is. Childbirth is a terrible pain, but will Erina be able to endure it? There are also parenting issues.”

Clump, who pondered over Alpheas' words, sighed. In the end, it was a question of whether a ten-year-old intelligent woman would be able to endure her labor pains. Intelligence is a great power that controls humans. There was a world of difference between suffering knowingly and suffering without knowing.

“Alpheas, it’s a little hard to say this, but you knew it too. Ever since I thought about marriage... … .”

“Yeah, I know. no regrets No, I don't really regret it. I can't live without Erina. If she is not her, she means no glory.”

Klump poured two glasses down his throat in quick succession. He himself is frustrated, but what can the person concerned do?

“So what are you thinking? It's not like you to complain like this. What's wrong with a smart guy?"

Alpheas turned his glass round and round, deep in thought. Then, at some point, his eyes, which resisted drunkenness, shone intelligently.

---------------------------------------