[151] Forced Breakthrough (6)

“Lian, I’ll be back. Explain to Tess and Amy.”

"uh? Hey Sirone!”

Before Lian could summon her to stop, Sirone cast teleportation and moved away at great speed.

And after a while, Amy and Tess caught up with Lian.

“Rian! Where did Sirone go?”

“I went ahead first. In a few hours ago."

“What are you thinking? What did you say?”

“They must be planning to consume the traps in advance with a wide range. He said he'd have to go alone, afraid you wouldn't allow it.”

"of course! Who would allow such an ignorant way! Besides, the berserker is a kinetic shield, so it could be dangerous if the timing isn't right!”

"okay. I went alone to not listen to that now.”

Amy was annoyed. It's not because she acted on her own. It was because it was true that the strategy Sirone chose was the most effective in terms of effectiveness.

But it was too risky. In a normal situation, even if the odds are low, you will see the odds, but in this case, no matter how high the odds are, you had to count the odds.

“If you fail, you die! You fool!”

Amy yelled at Sirone, who was absent, and put her hands on Lian and Tess' waists and said.

“I can’t. It's impossible to dry it, so let's help. Everyone is nervous. I will chase after you at full speed.”

Amy lowered her upper body and cast teleportation. An intense flash of light shot coolly through her creek.

* * *

The upper part of the valley, which is the only way to the hideout, was completely blocked by a 20-meter-high fortress wall.

Currently, about 10 of his subordinates were deployed, and Falcoa's men, who were building a siege, began to arrive one after another.

“Enemies are coming! Get ready to activate the trap!”

“A lot faster than expected? Time is running out to get everything up and running.”

The chief clicked his tongue. I don't know what kind of guy it was, but it was quite clever. As long as there was no way to bypass the trap, it was a strategy to run to the shortest distance and use a hand.

"doesn't care. It's a trap designed to annihilate hundreds of people in the first place. Even half running would be enough to bury four people.”

The captain gave instructions to his subordinates without losing his composure until the end.

However, seeing a boy running alone from a distance of 200 meters, I couldn't control my embarrassment this time.

"what? Why are you alone?”

“Looks like you came running first out of a sense of urgency.”

The manager didn't think so. Of course, it's not impossible, but the moment he realized that the enemy was alone, the feeling that worked in his mind was unusual. & nbsp;

It was starting to feel like it was a waste to trigger the trap.

“Excellent in psychological warfare. It's a waste to use a wide range trap to catch one at most.”

“So what? Shall we go out and fight?”

“What should I do? Trigger the trap quickly. Doesn't your head spin like that? That's what that guy thinks. I admit I gambled with my life, but they saw us as too watery. Even if you catch only one of the two wizards, the charter will decline. This is not the time to cherish and sleep.”

"All right. Hey, let's start now! All ready!”

Sirone glared at the top of the castle wall blocking the valley. About 10 enemies pulled out their bows and aimed them into the air.

'An arrow attack?'

Sirone was puzzled. It was close to impossible to catch a person 100 meters away with only 10 archers.

However, the enemies fired arrows without hesitation, and Sirone stopped running and looked up at the sky.

It looked no different from a normal arrow. Only the color of the nib was different.

'It's a magic bullet!'

After casting teleportation, Sirone reflexively backed away. If he hadn't seen the magic bullet in Kergo ruins, he would have been left without a hitch.

“Sirone!”

At that moment, Amy's voice from the rear stopped Sirone from retreating.

I could feel how nervous Amy was in the fact that it arrived much faster than expected. 

However, Sirone did not change his mind. In a situation where it was impossible to advance or retreat, the magic bullet crashed to the ground.

A powerful explosion occurred. A roar shook the valley, and gun smoke spread thickly around Sirone.

Sirone realized their strategy. He intended to block the view and then end it with a trap.

“Amy! Do not come!"

Even if Sirone didn't say anything, Amy couldn't bear to go in. This is because in places where the smoke did not spread, the huge vibrations operating above the valley could be seen with the naked eye.

As expected, terrifying engine devices resembling catapults appeared side by side along the cliffs. Although it had wheels, it was still large enough to be moved by a few people.

“Now! Pour it all out!”

Following the command of the leader, Falcoa's men activated the device. A massive boulder was tossed down the valley with the help of a lever.

These rocks were huge enough to fill up the cross section of the V-shaped valley.

Judging by its power, it wasn't a trap made to block the minority. It was literally a secret weapon to annihilate the enemies in the final battleground.

“Sirone!”

Amy cried out sadly, but it was already too late. Huge rocks were crashing into the smoke one by one.

Amy heard the squishy, ​​crushing hallucinations created by her imagination. But the next moment, a powerful pangong sound exploded and she lost her hallucinations.

The cannon smoke that was slowly filling the valley was scattered in all directions, revealing the figure of Sirone surrounded by spheres of light.

'Broad!'

A photosphere shone brightly around Sirone. With a maximum diameter of 20 meters, the Spirit Zone was larger than a rock.

When such a huge light ran out of control at an insane speed, those who watched it were blinded.

The light containing the mass tried its best to achieve anti-elasticity. However, the rock also faced a formidable weight. 

It seemed as if the rocks shaking violently and descending through the wide width would crush Sirone at any moment.

However, the moment I came down halfway, the rock was split into dozens of pieces. And from there, Sirone's berserk began to overwhelm the rock.

As the number of medium-sized rocks increased exponentially, a series of explosions occurred.

small. smaller.

Sirone fired a rapid-fire cannon of photons until the rocks turned to dust.

In the end, when the object that was a rock reached the vicinity of Sirone, only small grains remained. However, even that was blown outside as it was caught in the cycle of light.

It took only two seconds for the rock to fall to the ground, exactly the same time it took for it to disintegrate into dust.

Thousands of events that occurred in the meantime were compressed into human cognition, creating an optical illusion as if a huge explosion had occurred.

Dust spread in all directions and landed on the floor, creating a fuss.

A dismal wind roared in the valley.

Falcoa's men did not understand what had happened. There was a flash of light, and the rock exploded into dust. That was all they could see with their own eyes.

Sirone stepped on the dust-covered creek and glared at the castle walls. His men who had set his traps in motion could be seen coming back through him.

The captain realized something was wrong. He had been on the battlefield for over 10 years, but he had never even heard of such magic.

"shit! What the hell is that kid!”

"captain! What should I do?"

“Prepare the Magic Bullet! Crush it!”

As the subordinates quickly separated the arrowheads and combined the magic bullets, Sirone, who had glared at them fiercely, focused her mental energy in front of her eyes.

A sphere of photons was born with a bang, and then it vibrated strongly, sucking in the surrounding light.

“Chief! look over there! That is dangerous!”

A person who had previously experienced Sirone's skills at the tavern royal palace shouted at the manager.

Indeed, it was not unusual to see a light larger than a person's face being compressed even by the leader.

“Eight! Hurry! You have to grind magic bullets quickly!”

The hands of the subordinates became faster, but magic came first.

A line was drawn between Sirone and the wall, as if a flash of light was suddenly born.

Aaaaaaaaagh!

As the photon cannon slammed into the iron door, the iron voice that pierced the eardrum tormented the ears.

The subordinates who were assembling the magic bullet frowned and bowed their backs. It was such a powerful shock that the vibration could be felt even on the top of the castle wall. Even after the magic had disappeared, the iron door was still humming.

“What, what? is it broken? check it!"

The subordinate went down the stairs connected to the ground and inspected the gate. Although the thick iron plate was bent as a whole, it was not destroyed.

The subordinate shouted brightly, as if he felt that even such an achievement was a sign of victory.

“The gates are safe!”

"good! This time it is our turn to attack.”

As the Photon Cannon's attack went in vain, Tess looked back at her friends and said,

“You can't break down the castle gates with magic. Ryan, let's go up the wall.”

In order to claim victory in a siege, you must succeed in one of the two.

The first is to use siege weapons or magic to destroy the gates and then push in troops.

However, if you can't destroy the gate, climbing up the wall and removing the enemies could be one way. And that was the task that prosecutors like Tess and Lian had to do.

"good. We better go up.”

Rian tucked the straight sword into his back so he could run comfortably. But as the two leaned down to leave, Amy stopped them.

“Wait, wait.”

“There is no time to delay. You have to hit it before the enemies can fix it. Now is your chance.”

Tess was right. Amy, a fire-type, was weak against impact, and Sirone's Photon Cannon was also useless against thick iron doors.

But Amy knew that Sirone had one more weapon. 

Also, it was the most effective magic in this situation.

"are you okay. Sirone will take care of it.”

Tess, who did not understand the situation, looked back at Sirone with a puzzled expression and suddenly opened her eyes wide.

A red light was spreading from Sirone's body.

“What, what? Isn't that dangerous?"

When people see red, they become anxious. Because it reminds me of bleeding.

Even Tess was afraid to see the eerie red light, so the vigilance of the enemies was beyond imagination.

“Captain, what the hell is that?”

Sirone shot a flash of red light forward. A ray of laser reached the iron door fast enough to call it an instant and heated the surface.

"Ahh! what?"

The subordinates, who had already tasted the power of the Photon Cannon, got scared and took a backward step.

However, there was no shock wave or roar as expected.

After examining the gate from under the wall, the captain regained his confidence. The current magic was only shining through the iron gate, but there was no power to be found.

"good! now! Ready for magic bullets!”

Including the men who returned from the trap, the number of people is over 40. With this much number, they could have devastated the area around Sirone with magic bullet bombardments.

When all his subordinates finished aiming, the captain threw his hands down and shouted.

“Shooting dog… … ! huh?"

Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!

At that moment, the walls of the castle began to vibrate violently. 

Not only the leader, but also the subordinates who were about to let go of the bowstring looked at each other with surprised expressions.

The subordinate, who bent down outside the castle wall to examine the iron gate, spoke in a trembling voice.

“Joe, Captain! that… … !”

The iron gate shook like crazy. Eventually, the vibration that started at the iron gate spread along the entire wall and shook the foundation of the structure.

Seeing this for the first time in their lives, Falcoa's men couldn't help but be astonished.

The iron in the area where the laser hit was infested and began to bulge out like air bubbles.

Then, the castle wall shook as if it would be uprooted, and finally the iron gate burst out with a blast.

---------------------------------------