[676] Radum's Secret (4)

“What else is that guy?”

The members of Speedkiller and Gwangjong looked at Sirone with displeased eyes.

How many times must a meal be interrupted?

If it wasn't for the magician who blew Pedu's head off in one blow, he would have already lost his temper.

“Mr. Joshua, Mr. Kargin. are you okay?"

Since the enemies were in close proximity, the two quickly nodded.

Sirone checked Joshua's twisted ankle and met Marta's eyes.

'As expected, that guy... … .'

It was the most powerful sub-species here.

“Back off.”

"what? Back off? How is your mind?”

Goblins, who have a much higher fear threshold than humans, are not easily frightened under any circumstances.

"There's no way you'd give up on such delicious food, right?"

It was Sirone who once asked Flew if he could find a peaceful solution.

At the time, her response to not force her ideals on others was harsh, but now I understand.

“You guys are the same life.”

Martha frowned as if she had been insulted.

“I don’t want to kill meaninglessly. But I don't know how to save my comrades without fighting.”

"So what? Make me beg for help?”

“Run away.”

A photon cannon floated on Sirone's palm.

“That’s fair.”

“Cuck-cuck-cuck!”

Martha shrugged.

“Hey, human. Is this your first time doing something like this?”

Sirone did not answer.

“Do you think you are a dragon or something? How many races in the world do you think can compromise with goblins? just fight Live or die, we will take care of it.”

said Martha, baring her fangs.

“Become goblin shit.”

As the members of Speedkiller and Gwangjong rushed at the same time, Kargin hugged Joshua and closed his eyes tightly.

“Yaaaaap!”

A cheering sound was heard from above the building, and Lian, who overcame gravity with his bare body, brandished a great sword.

When all four of the Pidus were cut off, Martha rushed in, clicking her tongue.

“What is that again?”

As the goblin's unique swordsmanship of rolling on the ground and aiming for the ankle unfolded, Lian hurriedly stepped forward.

'Surely fast. This is the goblin.'

When it comes to speed alone, it overwhelms the schema.

“Taha! Taha! Taha!”

As I rolled forward and slashed continuously, Lian counterattacked by swinging the great sword with his wrist.

“Kick Kick! Slow down, you idiot!”

The moment Marta, rolling on the floor avoiding the cross-cutting sword, aimed for Lian's ankle.

"huh?"

As if destroying common sense, the sword's trajectory bent, and the great straight sword that he grabbed with reverse hand slammed his torso down with precision.

“Aagh!”

I didn't understand even in the situation where I was stamped on the floor like a bug.

'how… … .'

I had never even imagined a swordsmanship that would change its trajectory while swinging.

“It’s hard to catch cockroaches.”

Rian, who forcibly reversed the flow of the sword with divine transcendence, muttered as she felt the sharp pain radiating from her arms.

“Marthaaaa!”

It's normal to be terrified when a leader dies, but the fighting power of the goblins has risen even more steeply.

“I’ll stab you hundreds of times!”

It was colorless for her exultant shouts, and the goblins that came in from all directions stopped walking all at once.

As the blood faded from his characteristic green face, it turned a light purple color similar to that of a corpse.

“I-what is that?”

The scenery began to turn red like hell around Sirone, who was reaching out her hand.

I could see buildings beating like hearts in the landscape that clearly bordered the real world.

“Come out, Igor.”

And from that infernal realm, Igor, the Lord of Terror, walked out, sitting on a dead horse, dangling his spear.

“Laktas Sagaar Verodem.”

After spitting out his signature remark, he rammed the spear of blue flame into the floor, and blue lightning spread out in concentric circles.

“Quaaaaaa!”

The scenery of memories born from the inside flowed rapidly through the retinas of the goblin and Pidu.

Because they are a warlike race, the trauma they experience is different from that of humans.

“Aaaaaa! rather kill it! I mean kill!”

When I was just born, the memory of the leader tortured me as a joke crossed my mind with the pain of reality.

"Shit! Why are you seeing this!”

A goblin scratched his eyelids with sharp claws, and blood ran down his cheeks.

I didn't even want to imagine what a spectacle would gouge out the eyes of a race that reveled in the atrocities of the world.

It is an eternity of time for them, but in reality it is an illusion of trauma that passes by in an instant.

In the end, the subhumans who succumbed to fear began to scream and scatter in all directions.

“I-I can do that.”

Kargin and Joshua opened their mouths blankly.

I couldn't believe the sight of the things that had been giggling, treating them as food until now, howling in terror.

"That's why I told you to run away."

A homing photon cannon floated around Sirone.

As the seeker's laser looked around and picked up the targets one by one, it was bent at a terrifying speed.

pop! pop! pop! pop!

“Isn’t the light bending?”

Kargin bit his lip as he watched Goblins and Pidu fall down, pouring brains as if they had been hit in the head by an iron ball.

'It's on a different level. It wasn't a battlefield for people from the streets like us to fight.'

I was able to realize why it was 100,000 gold and what it meant to say that nothing is free in the world.

Igor, who was proudly looking down at the battlefield where the enemies were annihilated, turned to Sirone and said.

“You call me often.”

Even if it was the other side world, the realm of space was the same as reality, so it would be difficult to meet it if you got out of Radum.

"Go in. I'm not in the mood to joke.”

There was no mercy in the magic of a magician with a Kar value of 90%, but emotions were still human.

“… … It's your world's business."

As soon as Parkji turned away from his senses, the other world closed again and Igor disappeared.

After calming herself down with the mindless breathing method, Sirone jumped off the building and looked back at Kargin and Joshua.

The fact that I realized again was that Sirone moved from her seat for the first time since the battle started.

“How are your legs?”

"ah… … are you okay."

It didn't look good at all.

“Be patient. Let's go find the other crew members. Then I'd like to treat you.”

Sirone turned away, not knowing when the enemies might reappear, but Kargin rolled his eyes nervously.

"excuse me… … Captain.”

When Sirone turned around, Kargin knelt down and slammed his forehead on the floor.

"please! Please let me go back!”

Joshua said with a puzzled expression.

“Suddenly, something… … .”

But she also had no choice but to keep her mouth shut when she saw Kargin's face turning away in tears.

I could read the urgency of wanting to go together.

'You want to live.'

I wanted to live to the point of dying.

“I will vomit all the money I received! I'll pay the cancellation fee too! Please send me and Joshua!”

The reason why the mercenaries were organized anyway was to infiltrate Rufist unofficially into Radum.

Even so, the mercenaries also risked their deaths to join, so escaping now was a breach of contract.

“I know that a mercenary who betrayed once cannot set foot on this floor. How is he going to pay the penalty?”

"that… … .”

Did he think that since he was the benefactor who saved his life, he would let her go without hesitation?

As the blood dried up at Sirone's cold response, Joshua crawled over with a broken ankle and fell flat on his stomach.

“If a person can do anything, I will do anything to pay it back. please have mercy I want to live.”

'Hmm, there must be a fraud problem.'

A thought like that suddenly passed through Lian's head, but it was up to Sirone to decide anyway.

'Because I'm going to keep fighting.'

In a sense, I thought that the life of a prosecutor who only had to think about one thing was also blessed.

When Lian deliberately avoided the seat for the sake of the two of them, Sirone let out a big sigh and said,

"go."

As soon as they agreed, Kargin and Joshua raised their heads and looked at Sirone.

It wasn't the benevolent face I was expecting, but it didn't contain the emotion of criticism either.

“Once you get out of Radum safely, go see Mr. Brooks and write a new contract. Please return the request fee as well.”

Kargin, whose heart was filled with the thought that he could not die here, lowered his head.

"thank you! thank you!"

Sirone, who tried to turn her body coldly, flew up the building and said to Lian.

"let's go."

Rian climbed the building while stepping on the wall along with Sirone, who was quickly moving away, and landed on the roof.

“Are you looking for other members?”

“It should be.”

He may have said he would leave Radum like Kargin and Joshua, but he was still a member of Sirone.

Sirone, who jumped over the building without saying a word, asked.

“… … what do you think about it?"

“You know. Black does not judge.”

“Not as a sword, but as my friend Lian. Do you think it was foolish to send them back?”

Lian, who was silent for a moment, smiled.

“You can’t do that, you idiot.”

The idea that a person who does not know that even one life is precious will take care of 10,000 lives is a delusion.

Sirone was always Sirone.

* * *

"what? What the hell is going on!”

After receiving the report from his subordinates, Brooks hurriedly moved along the corridor.

From the room at the end of the hallway, the screams of a three-brained Venetian leaked out.

"stop! Please stop!”

Arriving at the room, Brooks turned pale when he saw Venezia's maddened eyes.

"hey! Wake! what's the matter!"

The time zone where Brooks is located is now.

- Wasn't that what you wanted?

La Enemy, talking to Venezia, was in the past.

"no! It's not like this!”

When La Enemy came to Brooks' mansion, Venezia was determined to face him.

“What are you up to?”

It was because he thought that he would not be used by him as long as he gave up his position as the head of Spectrum.

“How about seeing for yourself?”

The memories of La Enemy began to flow into the brain dedicated to Venice's past.

'This… … .'

It was an incident.

The story of La Enemie in the distant past, which cannot be called history.

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

Tears of blood flowed from Venice's eyes.

'How, how could this happen!'

Is this a disaster or a blessing?

What was clear was that the event had reached a singular point that was impossible to analyze and predict even with the three-brained brain.

“Ah, ah… … .”

Venezia's painfully contorted face suddenly became hazy, as if in ecstasy.

'I see. God. this is it... … .'

The shocking truth that God was hiding.

'Can't win. No matter what means we take, we will never be able to defeat Ra.'

La Enemy approached with a sad smile.

"okay."

Slowly reaching out his hand, he lowered Venezia's eyelids, feeling her life slowly fade away.

“That is me.”

Venice prayed earnestly.

'Come out of there, Sirone.'

Her body fell forward, and her three brains sequentially stopped working.

'I must not meet La Enemie.'

No one should try to save mankind.

“Hey, Venice! Wake!"

Brooks turned Venezia over and shook her shoulder, but her body was already cold.

“Damn it! How much is this! call the doctor! Right Now!"

La Enemie, who existed in the past, looked at Venezia's corpse, then slowly turned and left the room.

Brooks shouted.

“Damn it! How much is this! call the doctor! Right Now!"

---------------------------------------