Great convocation of the ivory tower (1)

Ivory Tower 400 floors.

The natural scenery on the 400th floor was quiet even now, when the war with the demons was in full swing.

In the artificially realized natural landscape, people planted seeds and prepared for a hopeful tomorrow.

'I was defeated.'

In the red-roofed house on the outskirts of the village, Sirone was lost in meditation.

'I lost.'

As the plan to assassinate Havitz through <Law Kill> failed, the world headed for catastrophe.

The death toll from the demons was already running towards 1 million, and Sirone felt responsible for that.

'Why did I lose?'

The point where the thoughts reached the tail after tail was, after all, because of one's own weakness.

The holy light of Yahweh covers her face, but it is not in the shape of a beautiful sphere.

'I have to endure.'

The spirit of fraternity that loves all things equally.

'I have to accept everything.'

I realized it with my head, but it was not a human domain to calm the anger inside.

When the mind is inclined to one side or the other, the spirit is twisted and the realm is broken.

'The mind must move.'

If it went beyond calculation and became fraternity itself, Sirone would finally gain complete freedom.

“Huh!”

It doesn't seem possible.

'You must forgive. I have to hug you.'

Like Sirone's flowing tears, the drops of Yahweh's light drip down as if burning.

was dripping down

“Exterminate humans!”

With Habitz absorbing the army of Hell, the Gustav Empire became the world's most powerful military power both in name and reality.

According to the characteristics of the demons, King Sumodo reorganized an army worth 1 billion.

And now, under the Balkan plan, 50 million troops were on their way to Kashan's imperial castle.

“Isn’t this too easy? It's no fun.”

It was at the level of a whole nation moving, and no human army could stop them.

In a huge car pulled by Maranka, the monster of the underworld, all the four skills of Havitz and Gustaf were gathered.

“Uorin.”

The Emperor of the Empire does not have to be on the battlefield, but if the occupying power is Kashan, that's a different story.

“I can't wait to see what kind of expression he will make when he captures the imperial castle.”

From the chariot open on all sides, Havitz looked at the armies of hell that filled the sky and the earth.

It was a procession that was possible because they were not human.

“It is Satan!”

A demon with a red tail and wings approached the flying unit with a trident in front.

He was a messenger who had learned human language.

“We have occupied Benaford, a commercial city in Kashan.”

Benaford was a wealthy town 40 kilometers from here.

Vulcan gave instructions on behalf of Havitz.

“I will stay there tonight. You guys don't stop and keep moving forward.”

As the messenger immediately followed the order and left, Vulcan turned to Havitz and said.

“With this, you have eaten a third of Kashan's territory. It's time to make a quick decision.”

Occupying half of Kashan's territory opens the way to invade the Central Continent.

Sumodo said.

“Jive, Molton, and Borna facing the border with Kashan.] These three countries will become the gateway. If you penetrate here, you can eat the Central 21 Kingdoms as well as the Southern Continent without any roughness.”

"I'm going to Uorin."

Vulcan sighed at Havitz's instructions, who had no interest in strategy, tactics, or even war.

“Then split the troops. An army of 10 million from Benaford will attack Kashan, and the rest of the army will move south.”

Natya looked back curiously.

“40 million in the Central Continent?”

“There is no movement of the temple yet. Perhaps he was planning a final stand on the borders of the Central Continent. Even 10 million troops can eat enough Kashan.”

If that was what the Balkans were saying, there was no one to dispute, and Havitz's troops arrived at Benaford that night.

Once one of the three most prosperous cities in Kashan was devastatingly destroyed.

Havitz, who had set up a barracks in the area where the building collapsed, called the rulers of the city.

Twenty high-ranking nobles, including the mayor, were dragged out one after another while being tied to ropes.

Already aware of Havitz's tendencies, their faces were pale and their eyes were full of fear.

'I'm going to die anyway. That's not scary.'

They couldn't even imagine how this madman would torment them.

“I’ll spare half of you.”

When Havitz spoke nonchalantly, everyone raised their heads in disbelief.

'half? half?'

1 out of 2 people.

It was a probability that he could expect to die, but there was no way he would get caught.

“I will torture the other half instead.” The nobles' shoulders trembled because it wouldn't be torture to find out something.

“Raise your hand if you want to live.” At first, no one raised a hand.

Shame on begging for your life, buying time to analyze the situation.

'I'm going to die anyway. It's right to gamble.'

When the three quick-witted people raised their hands at the same time, the rest looked back as if their heads would break.

Their eyes were mixed with bewilderment, anger, and perhaps a vague expectation that they would die.

“Free me.”

At Havitz's instruction, a soldier untied the ropes of the three men and lifted them up.

“Leave. You are free.”

The faces of the remaining 17 people turned gray.

“He said he would spare half of them.”

There are 7 people who can live now, and all of them who saw hope raised their hands.

“Please save me! I have children!”

“I must live! I will do anything for Habitz-sama!”

Habitz, who had been listening to their clamor for a while, reached out his hand to Zetaro.

Then, he took over two dice and threw them to the person sitting on the far left.

“From now on, we throw dice in pairs. The person with the higher number is free.”

"uh… …

The nobleman, who was looking down at the dice that fell in front of his lap, raised his head with a dazed expression.

“Roll it.”

Stunned by Havitz's short words, he rolled the dice with trembling hands.

“Huhhhh!”

The number made by two six-sided dice is 7 by adding 3 and 4.

"next. the person next to you.”

The person who knelt beside him, unable to even meet his eyes, grabbed the dice.

The time it took for the dice thrown by my trembling hands to roll on the floor felt like an eternity.

"Ahhh… …

The number on the dice is 6 plus 2 to get 8. “Aaaaaaaa!”

The man with the 8 screamed, and the man with the 7 fell unconscious.

“This is nonsense.”

A game of nothing but dice, and even that, one's fate cannot be determined by a mere one difference.

“Just give me one more chance!”

“Take it. Torture until you die.” He couldn't accept his life until he was captured by his soldiers and released from the barracks.

"please! Please give me one more chance!” Vulcan smiled bitterly.

'This is the truth of the world. There's nothing I can do except roll the dice.'

Human free will is at best that much.

'But some people get out of the yoke of the law and carry out their own will.'

At least they weren't here.

"next. roll it.”

The dice continued to pass to the person next to them, and shouts of cheer and screams of despair erupted over and over again.

“There is one person left?”

Because three people raised their hands and went out, the remaining one had no opponent to engage in a dice showdown.

“Oh, please… … have mercy... …

Havitz, who was watching the noble who feared he would not get even a half chance, rose from his seat.

“You can do it with me.”

"yes? My, how could I come to His Majesty the Emperor... …

Harvits, who sat down in front of the nobleman, handed over the dice and said,

“What does that matter? I really wanted to try it. If you defeat me, you will become emperor. And I... … Hmmm.”

Havitz, who was looking around, said to his tarot.

"okay. Jetaro, you kill me.” Balkan said.

“Your Majesty, such a proposal… …

Before he could finish his words, Zetaro held his belly button and laughed.

“Puhahaha! All right! It's a completely thrilling match. Then let me referee.”

As Zetaro approached Havits and raised his sword as if to cut his throat, the terrified nobleman's pupils rolled upward.

'Crazy guys. It's not normal.'

“Roll it. It's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.”

The atmosphere in the barracks became tense as if it was about to explode, and that's why it was the most fun game ever.

"please. please just once... …

The aristocrat with convulsions all over threw two dice while closing his eyes.

The air froze for an instant, and the nobleman who quietly opened his eyes opened his mouth in disbelief.

"iced coffee! Ahhh!"

The number on the die is 6 plus 6 to get 12.

'It's a miracle! Oh God! thank you!'

While the Havitz executives were making serious faces, Zetaro burst into laughter.

“Puhahaha! What are you going to do now? Surely you won't reverse what the emperor said?”

Like any other emperor, he would slit Zetaro's throat, but Habitz smiled instead.

'As expected, you are the best.'

the most fun

“Now it is my turn.”

It was Havitz who truly risked his life, but there was no hesitation in the action of throwing the dice.

“Eight.”

Everyone's eyes followed the dice.

When the number 12 was obtained by adding 6 to 6, saliva dripped from the stunned nobleman's mouth.

“It’s a tie. Once more."

“Huh.”

The aristocrat, who was crying like a child, grabbed the dice while shedding tears.

The crying didn't stop.

“Aww. Aaaaaa.”

Two dice flowed down the palm of my hand as my nerves, which had been shocked, jumped freely.

The result is 12 by adding 6 to 6 again. Aaaaaa! Aaaaaa!” The half-mad nobleman screamed in succession with tears running down his nose.

Balkan's eyes finally became bitter.

'There is no manipulation on the dice. But 12 came up three times in a row. It's an independent case, but this... …

Harvits snatched the dice.

“It’s quite the way. Then what about this time?” Two dice fly through the air without hesitation

oh it fell

“Wow!”

The soldiers who were nervous enough to suffocate glared at the dice and shouted.

“Twelve! It's 12 again!”

Nothing is impossible in probability, but it was never a situation that could be encountered often in life.

"please… … Please save me.”

Nobility begged, but Havitz was adamant.

“Roll it.”

His body was already in a state of exhaustion, but he threw the dice in hopes of a final miracle.

Add 1 and 2 to get 3.

“Then is it my turn this time?” As Harvits swept his dice, the noble shuddered and opened his mouth wide.

“Kwaeeee!”

A gourd of blood gushed out of his eyes and he fell forward.

Zetaro confirmed the condition.

“I am out of breath.”

“Sorry. I was trying to save you.” Returning to his seat, Havitz patted his leg with a disgusted look on his face.

"Bored. Anything interesting?"

By the next morning, 20,000 of Benaford's surviving citizens had been horribly murdered.

'Forgive me. love you.'

Tears of blood flowed from Shirone's eyes as he had been immersed in meditation for 30 hours.

I couldn't contain my anger any longer.

'no. I can't be shaken.' The battle between philanthropy and anger was a tightrope that could destroy her spirit even for a moment.

“Huh”

Blood dripped from her closed eyes, nose, and lips, making her clothes damp.

'Be patient. I'll even swallow my anger.' The light of Yahweh began to drip like candle wax.