[143] The name parrot (1)

There was a secret space in the tavern royal palace. A place where only Palcoa can enter even in the Freeman organization. 

It was a loop manufacturing facility.

“You cheeky little boys! Do you think it will end like this?”

Jess' heart pounded as she stood beside Falcoa. I had seen Falcoa's eccentricities for a long time, but the current situation was not normal.

'What the hell are you doing here? Why did you bring me all of a sudden?'

Jis, who was returning from his job as a solicitor at the port as usual, was caught by Falcoa's men and arrived here.

It's been a day since Sirone and the others left the tavern in a riot, but Falcoa's anger didn't seem to subside.

“Cheuk, wait and see. I won't let you go.”

Falcoa laughed grotesquely, tearing at the corners of his mouth. In her head, the faces of the four party members shimmered with a nasty poem.

As expected, the one I hated the most was Amy.

When he poured the alcohol mixed with the loops that Falcoa gave him into his mouth and showed off his red face, he almost pulled out his sword right away.

Jess glanced sideways at Falcoa, terrified.

What Falcoa was messing with was a device that turned loops into powder.

The root of the loop is pressed to extract the juice, and then ground until all the moisture is removed, leaving only a fine powder.

But can we call it a drug?

Originally, it was used to chew the root of a tree and neutralize it with saliva. However, the current one was no different from a toxic chemical that only maximized its efficacy.

“Jiss, I have to go back.”

“Uh, where are you?”

“To a girl named Amy. Having succeeded once, you will be able to succeed again. Don't tell me she can't. If you have eyes, you will know how I am.”

Jess swallowed. Of course, I thought he would take revenge, but it was unexpected that it would go astray.

Jess had noticed that Amy was the offspring of a great family. If she laid her spell on her, it would only be a matter of time before the Galliant government and all her island would be razed to the ground.

"no way… … Are you thinking of poisoning her?”

"Addicted? stupid child. That woman never gets addicted. all right If the ruler of the red eyes who made a name on the continent becomes addicted to this cat loop, it will be used.”

“Then there is no need for this, right? I'm just going to scrape it and get scabs.”

Jess tried to convince Falcoa with a glimmer of hope.

However, it seemed that Falcoa had already stopped listening to anyone.

“Such an idiot. Doesn't your head spin like that? Didn't you think that this operation would be successful because you will never become addicted to it?”

Falcoa wrapped the powdered loops in oiled paper. And I poured it all into the cup of water that I had prepared in advance.

Jess stopped breathing.

I've never used loops, but I know how to use them.

Usually, one root is enough to chew for about 2 hours. But now Falcoa's water has tripled that amount.

Moreover, since it is an aqueous solution, the effect of the drug, which would normally take 6 hours, should be received all at once.

“Stop, please… … .”

“Yeah, that’s it. I'm feeding this one more time. That girl would definitely accept and drink with confidence. But with a loop like this, you'll die without getting stuck. You know what I mean?”

“Uh, why are you doing that? You can't sell it when it dies."

“Hey, it doesn’t matter. Bring the corpse.”

Falcoa poured the loop solution into a glass bottle. When the aqueous solution melted into the bottle containing the drink, it looked like a pretty jade-colored cocktail.

“Okay, take it. It's simple. Bring it out that you have something to say, then feed it. Then you can put it on a wagon and bring it. can you?”

Jess looked at the vial with bloodshot eyes. His body was trembling with fear.

Amy won't deny it. And if you took even one sip, then it was over.

“What are you doing? Or do you want to drink?”

Falcoa's life force pressed Jis down. The flesh seemed to form like a hand, squeezing and grasping her neck.

“Stop it, you trash child.”

"what?"

Falcoa doubted his ears.

Did the energy of the loop still remain? It won't be. Thanks to not taking the loop out of her mouth even for a moment, even the loop's medicinal effect was now insensitive.

“What did you just say? Say it again."

There are times when a person is rather calm when he goes through something too absurd. Falcoa was like that now.

It was later that I got angry. First of all, it was important to check once again whether the words of this young boy who had not dried blood on his head were true.

Jess couldn't get the words out of his throat.

Maybe it was the last chance. If I apologized even now, I might end up half dead.

'but… … .'

Jess couldn't bear to bend the knee to Falcoa. 

-I don't like guys like you.

The word he smiled at himself in the carriage made Jis unable to move.

Why? You just have to admit that you're weak.

The moment she blamed Falcoa, Amy seemed to be turning into a liar, so even if she wanted to withdraw her words, they wouldn't come out of her mouth.

“Stop it, you dirty child. A guy like you isn't even human. A child who is so addicted to drugs that he can't even tell the difference! Saying that a guy like you is garbage is a compliment!”

Jess was dizzy. As pleasure and fear mixed together, he lost consciousness without being able to control his mind.

But he spit it out.

like sirone. Like a person whose future does not exist.

Falcoa's fist swung like lightning into Jess' distraught face.

“Keugh!”

It was only when it became dark before my eyes that I realized the reality. What awaited Jess was a miserable future that could only be explained with the word hell.

“Such a madman! What happened to your head!”

Falcoa finally revealed his true colors and beat Jis. 

It wasn't just a beating to intimidate. He was really kicking Jiss body like he was going to kill him.

If the schema had been opened, Jess' body would have been crushed like meat hung in a butcher's shop.

"die! die! die!"

Jess couldn't even scream.

I felt like my whole body was being crushed for a while, but now I couldn't feel anything. Only shocks outside the realm of pain were transmitted.

“Whoa, yes. Killing a guy like you is no fun.”

Falcoa regained his sanity. However, it was an indication that an even greater misfortune would come to Jess.

“Ouch! Kuck!”

Falcoa grabbed Jess by the hair and lifted him up. It felt like his neck was cracked, but Ji's condition was so messed up that he couldn't even worry about it.

“Okay, then I have an idea.”

He couldn't trap Amy without Jess stepping up and giving it to him, but Falcoa grew tired of arguing about trifles.

“I’m impressed, Jess. A person like you must have the courage to do this. I'm obsessed with that girl, but don't mess with her the way you want. How are you, are you happy?”

“I, please… … Please take a look.”

Jess burst into tears. Because he already knew what Falcoa was thinking.

“Did you say Yuna? It's your sister's name. You will regret the decision you made today for the rest of your life.”

"No. Please, as much as Yuna... … Kuck!”

Falcoa threw Jess's head to the floor. Like a ball, Jess's face thumped the floor, rose up, and plummeted downward. With that single blow, Jess lost consciousness.

“Hehe, anyway, it turned out to be fun.”

Of course, she had no intention of forgiving Amy just because her goal had been changed to Jess' sister. She brought Yuna to her hideout and harassed her, then she intended to blackmail Jiss. When she threatens to risk her sister's life, Jis will have no choice but to comply.

“Bring a girl named Yuna to the hideout right now!”

In a fit of rage at his subordinates, Falcoa chewed up the entire root of the loop.

* * *

By the time Sirone and the others arrived at the villa, it was already close to midnight. The street was a street, so I was about to stop in the middle and solve it until evening before returning.

Although I didn't get the expected results in the room of achievement and sacrifice, I felt a lot.

The conversation between the four did not end, and as a result, the stories that each of them had in their hearts came out.

"Oh, you're going to be a soldier?"

Upon hearing Amy's hopes for the future, Tess opened her eyes wide in surprise. She didn't even expect that she was targeting her soldiers.

Of course, since he was a flame-type wizard and had polished his sniper mode, he could be said to be perfect for a battle wizard.

However, the Amy Tess knew was a soft-hearted and affectionate person, contrary to her appearance. I couldn't imagine how she would go out on the battlefield and take down countless enemies.

“Honestly, I am worried. Amy thought a girly job would suit her well.”

"Yes? Do I have a feminine job? I had never heard of such a thing in school.”

Tess was able to guess how spirited Amy's school life was. However, she was good at reading people's hearts and knew Amy's real face.

“Whoa, I have a good understanding of espionage operations. A girl named Amy is actually very delicate and feminine.”

Amy gave a subtle smile. She never thought of herself as feminine, but it was also a fact she couldn't strongly deny.

No matter how courageous he was, he wasn't sure if he would be able to properly adapt to the military as it was a man's world.

“Actually, I don’t know. Because the target type is a long term, I chose the flame type. As a result, I had no choice but to choose the most advantageous job in my major. Of course, I think the job of being a soldier is positive. Being a soldier is not just about fighting on the battlefield.”

"yes. There is also a supply officer. The future is bright when you enter the operational headquarters. right! How about something like this?”

Tess clapped her hands as if thinking about it, and Amy asked curiously.

"huh? Like what?"

Tess stretched out her index and middle fingers and pretended to aim them at someone walking on the sand at night.

“I mean the spy. Amy's thinking ability is excellent, and on top of that, long-distance strikes are her specialty? After all, you have the most important weapon for espionage operations.”

“The most important weapon? what is that?"

Amy's eyes shone brightly. Concerned about her future, she couldn't help but be excited about another advantage she didn't know about.

“A pretty face. Beauty is a must for a female spy. Because no man in the world hates a beautiful woman.”

Tess smiled like a tomboy as she spoke, and Amy turned her head sullenly.

“Ah, what is that? I was looking forward to it again.”

“Whoops, I’m sorry. But it's not necessarily a joke. I get the impression that it's a priority when hiring a national spy. In a job dealing with people, Amy's impression is that it works perfectly. So seriously think about it. I will highly recommend it to my family.”

“All right, all right. I will only trust my magic skills.”

Amy's face turned red. Although her words were blunt, she did not hate being praised for being pretty.

'Aww, that's cute. Look, how feminine is she?'

To Tess, Amy was a friend full of bullying fun. Tess, who was thinking about how to bully her more, suddenly remembered something she was really curious about.

“By the way, what will happen when you graduate?”

"huh? Of course, I have to take the official exam first and get a job.”

“No, sirone.”

“Sirone? Why Sirone?”

---------------------------------------