Five Systems (5)

Green Ocean.

At the beginning of the elves' stronghold, 300 angels arrived with the help of fairies.

Their faces were filled with fear of the unknown as they lost the asteroid.

'Hmm.'

Crown, the king of the fairies, rested his chin on his chin.

'It's useless.'

I felt strange from the moment Uriel, the archangel of destruction, asked the fairy for a favor.

'But I didn't expect it to be this much.'

The fall of an angel to human status.

Receiving their help was over the water, but in a different sense, it was a good thing for the fairies.

'To be the king of men. The biggest stumbling block on the way has disappeared.'

Besides, Yuriel is still alive, so depending on how you use it, it will be a great power.

'If you take an angel as a hostage, even Uriel can't help it. It's important that he come out strong.'

Why can't angels go to humans?

'The spirit of a fairy does not change easily. Because it is the crystal of justice that has been accumulated over the ages. But angels are different. If God's perspective is different, then neither are they.'

Of course, I still can't believe that such a situation actually happened.

Uriel silently watched as the angels descended to the ground hesitated.

The corner of Crown's mouth went up.

'Of course it must be lamentable.'

Angels who have lost their standards are like children, so Uriel has to take care of them.

“Your request is complete. It was a wartime situation, so we had a hard time excluding the fairies.”

“… … Thank you.”

Even if he was the king of fairies, it was something he would never have been able to say in the past.

“But I am worried. Now that the angels have fallen to human status, they will need everything that humans need to survive.” You will need to eat something and get some sleep.

“Can you take care of me?”

“Of course it should. But I have a little problem... … . As soon as dawn breaks tomorrow, we plan to raid the elves' stronghold. A sharp game is expected, so it is difficult for us to accept the departure.”

“I will fight.”

Crown called for joy inwardly.

“If I go to the battlefield, how many troops can I take out? Angel needs help. Until Satiel restores the Astral Body.”

Although he did not know the meaning of the last words, Crown viewed them negatively as well.

'God's justice has been shaken. Even if it's an archangel, it's already out of his hands.'

I thought so and replied.

“That is a difficult question. Yuriel-sama's power is nothing compared to that of a fairy. However, considering the wartime, I think we can withdraw about 300 troops.”

1 fairy attendant for 1 angel.

It's never enough, but right now, even one fairy was a pity for the angels.

“I accept it.”

"thank you. Joining Yuriel will be of great help. Hey, take the angels to the barracks.”

At the direction of the Crown, the leader of the fairies led his subordinates and led the angels.

“Follow us.”

The angels who lined up to the place where the headquarters of the fairies were located looked uneasy.

“Light… … Can you turn on the light a little more? It's too dark for me to see.”

To them, who transcended time and space and 'looked down', the human vision was like that of the blind.

“I can't turn on the light brightly because I'm at war right now. Be patient.”

“Yeah, yes.”

another angel said.

“My stomach is strange. It feels like pain. Call a fairy with healing powers.”

There was a growl.

“That means you are hungry. I will give you fruit, so please eat this.”

The angel who received the small fruit that the fairies eat was dumbfounded and waited for a word.

The fairy pointed to her mouth in frustration.

“Put it in your mouth and swallow.”

“Ah, yes. sorry. It’s the first time I try.”

A sigh came out from the sight of the angels eating the fruit with awkward movements.

'I'll be thrilled, really.'

It would be better to fight an elf than to take care of a superior who can't do anything.

Suddenly the fairy raised a corner of her mouth.

"now! This is an easy place for enemies to spy on. So you'd better get down and go.”

"Oh yeah?"

Maybe this is a pretty embarrassing act, the angels looked at it.

However, now that the absolute standard of God had disappeared, there was no courage left to choose.

“Is that so, then?”

As the angels knelt down one by one, it was the fairies who were rather absurd.

'Do you really do it?'

As if a prisoner who had been following the instructions of a prison guard for a lifetime suddenly went out into the world.

'I can't bear the fear of making my own decisions. So I'd rather have my standards...

The fairy grinned as she watched the angels recede.

'Ho Ho! cool All the angels who always looked down on me are obeying my words, aren't they?'

Fairy 4th class, Jin flew in.

“What are you doing?”

“Jin!”

There was anger on Jin's face.

“Are you crazy? Even though the angels lost the Holy Light, Lord Uriel is still alive. Just do what you can handle.”

"sorry. I really didn't know how to do it. i just... … I suddenly have a funny idea.”

Jin sighed.

Fairies are said to be mischievous because they do harmless evil.

“I know what you mean, but be careful. If the angels did that, then it's our turn. We must not forget the reason Crown-nim wants to wage this war.”

"yes. sorry."

When the anger drained from Jin's expression, the fairy turned to the angels and said,

“It’s really scary. that there are no standards. Will we be like that one day?”

“I guess so. This is the reason Crown wants to become a human. There is no standard in human life from the beginning. Think endlessly and choose for yourself. A harsh environment where those who make the wrong decisions are eliminated, and only those who make the right decisions survive.” The fairy blankly opened his mouth.

“We should be like that too. The fairies' future is at stake in this battle. Tell the other children not to play too badly. There is such a thing as “just in case.”

“Yes, Jin.”

As the two fairies followed the angels, Uriel finally stopped 'looking down'.

I suddenly thought of this while watching the fairy play a prank on the angel.

'Is this the reality of what happened to us? No, maybe this is also a predetermined fate.'

From the age of gods to the age of angels, from the age of angels to the age of fairies... … .

'Finally human.'

The world was heading towards uncertainty.

Ymir's depth layer 1.5.

In the virtual world created by Louver, Sirone was just looking at the sea.

It's been a year since I arrived here, but maybe it was just a few hours ago.

Gaold and the others were standing behind Luver who was watching Sirone on the beach.

Now I know this place is a dream, but I didn't even think it was a lie.

“It’s like finding the difference.” Louver said.

“When you look at one picture, it's perfect, but when you compare the two, it becomes strange. The biggest problem is that I can't tell which paintings are real.”

Sein asked.

“Isn’t the picture of reality real?”

“Yes, if it were a human, that would be it. But that is a story in real life. The reason you're confused is because this place is perfect. None of the five systems that make up this world are incomplete.”

Louver turned around.

“Based on real people, logical reason falls into Drimo, and illogical sensibility falls into the other world. These are called ideals and desires.”

The two are distinctly different.

“Dremo combines the two and sends necessary information to reality and unnecessary information to The Abyss. After all, reality is just a system to which a certain logic applies. Drimo is a buffering system that mediates that information.”

Sein said.

“That’s why time doesn’t pass.”

"Yes. Even if you're an undercoder, it's only slower than reality, but time flies. But Dremo is different. If information is not processed, time is not passing.”

Gangnan asked.

“How does information from the other world come to Dreamo?”

“It’s an undercoder. The REM area refers to a half-sleep, half-awake state. So, there are two ways to connect. Is it closer to sleep or closer to awakening?”

In fact, there is a difference between the two.

“The former fall asleep and wake up,

The latter is rather a state of being awake and falling asleep. Demons also sleep, but it doesn't have a big impact on Drimo. Because they are weak. On the other hand, the latter undercoder is quite active. A huge amount of hidden code comes up.”

“Since the nature of the information is different, the passage is also different.”

"yes. In fact, an undercoder is just a channel through which information is conveyed. There are no managers either. Anyone can create a new world in it. If logical undercoders are exclusively for humans, most illogical undercoders are made by demons. Because it specializes in hidden codes.”

Louver looked back at Sirone.

“Reality is not everything. A battle is being waged on all five systems. If we go out like this, we will only die from Ymir's avatar. I don't know if Oh Dae-seong has revived the will to live, but... …

Sirone seemed unwilling to move.

“In reality… … I've had a really tough life. There is no will to dig deep into any thoughts. You have lost the driving force to move on your own. It wouldn’t be such a bad thing to be comfortable even if only in this dream.”

live here

None of the party had any particular complaints, but they still had lingering feelings for reality.

And that lingering feeling would gradually amplify and drive them crazy sooner or later.

Miro hugged Arius and said.

"Brother, I'm not giving up."

"huh?"

“You said you were waiting. If I had really given up, I wouldn't even be looking at the sea.”

Sein said.

“It could be. Then you... … What do you think that brother is waiting for?”

“Hmm.”

said Miro, lost in thought.

"dream."

"haha! That's a nice word. But this place is a dream. In fact, even Dad wouldn’t believe it.”

“I am waiting for my dream.”

Sein's expression finally became serious.

“Why?”

“Because not being able to do anything means not having anything. That brother is empty. To refill, he has to draw from something other than himself. what could do that? I have only dreams.”

The group was dazed.

All of them were thinking of a labyrinth in real life, not a nine-year-old labyrinth.

'Dream and reality. What is it that the real picture remains intact?'

Sein stroked the maze.

“I heard it and it makes sense. Yes, right now I can only dream.”

Louver brushed his beard.

'dream. It's a dream... … . no way?'

Sirone has someone else's dream, not her own.

Gangnan asked.

“What dream are you waiting for? Dream of meeting your lover? A dream of the world you wanted?”

Louver opened his mouth.

"perhaps… …

If it's passed down like that.

“It might be the dream of a single flower.”

Demon Sword Armand.

The face of a man who had the biggest dream and the people who loved him came to mind.