[588] Darkness (3)

* * *

The news of Eden's retirement was delivered to Scramble Royale participants.

This was shortly after the quasar exploded.

“Retire?”

Hersey put on a blank expression.

'Did you really destroy the shield?'

Eden's defensive ability in the gold coin's own simulation was ranked first among the senior class with no one to compare it to.

“Now there is no infinite (○○○○○○).”

Iruki laughed and said.

"All that's left is Amy and Caden."

Hersy, who came to her senses, quickly counted her hand.

The strongest hand of the Sirone team is Sabina's ●●●● (Mine).

'Kayden's hand... … .'

It was ○●○● (democracy).

'done!'

Hercy shuddered.

In a complex battle of hand combinations, only Iruki could figure out what would be the strongest hand for Shirone's team, but he still had another strategy to prepare for the worst.

"Puhahaha!"

Dorothy raised her eyebrows as Hersy burst out laughing.

“Why are you here? Did you come true?”

"Fighted well."

Hersy stopped laughing.

“It was really great. To be honest, I thought I would win easily. I'll praise you for sticking to this point."

“Do you think Kayden can beat Amy?”

Hersey shrugged.

Unlike the case of Eden, even in the simulation of the golden ring itself, the fighting power of the two was equal.

“I don’t care who wins.”

Hercy was sure Scramble Royale was over.

“Again, the winner is Kayden.”

* * *

“Give me your MasterCard.”

Amy reached out to Caden.

"MasterCard? ah."

Caden blinked as if realizing it.

"hurry. You're not going to be stubborn even after coming here, are you? You're not that kind of person, are you?"

"that is… … I don't have it.”

"what?"

Amy didn't understand and wrinkled her brow.

“In the morning, Hersie took my MasterCard without the team knowing. I can't bet Kang, but you're lower than me anyway. That's the condition Hercy offered in exchange for pursuing you.”

"wait for a sec. You took your master card? Mastercard?”

Amy, who suddenly had a confusion in her head, held out her hand and muttered something, then looked at the cards of the participants.

Cayden's democracy was the strongest.

'If Scramble Royale ends like this, the united team will win.'

Amy shouted, her heart pounding, turning to Caden.

"you idiot! What if I say that now? It looks like we're losing!”

The absurd thing was the same for Caden.

“Why am I saying that? Aren’t we on different sides?”

"shut up! Foolish bastard!”

Amy kicked Cayden in the side, shocking him through a broken rib.

“Keugh! what are you doing?"

"Ugh! I really can't live!”

As Amy turned and ran away, Caden held out her hand.

“Now, wait… … !”

"shut up! See you after the game!”

A shaky hand went to the broken rib, and saliva leaked from between his teeth.

“Big!”

As expected, the wizard had no sympathy.

* * *

“Kaden doesn’t have a MasterCard.”

Hersy declared triumphantly.

“I got it this morning. In the end, even if Amy beats Cayden, the cards won't be ruined. If Cayden wins, not to mention the consequences.”

Silence ensued for a while.

“Now do you understand? Scramble Royale is a victory for the united teams.”

“Iruki.”

When Dorothy turned around, Iruki said.

“Where is my MasterCard?”

“Well, where is it?”

Hercy's body shone with flashes.

Sona had already been analyzed and could not be used, but if it was spatial movement, it would not be possible to cancel it.

“Then see you after the game.”

At the same time, Sabina approached from behind and tightened his throat.

“Don’t move.”

A sharp air cut lingered around her fingertips.

“Huh, is this the last outburst? Ugly.”

Dorothy came, accompanied by Hickory.

“Give me your MasterCard. Otherwise, we will have no choice but to resort to violence.”

Then the ground beneath Sabina's feet stirred, and a long, snake-like centipede sprang up and coiled around her ankle.

"this!"

From a tree 10 meters away, Fisho came down on a spider.

“Free Hersy. It is a poisonous centipede.”

“Don’t talk nonsense. Do you think you will die alone?”

Sabina tightened Hercy's throat even more, and Hickory's fist aimed at the hanging fishot from the tree.

Sabina said in a situation where each other was holding each other's lifeline.

“Search Hersie’s body. I don't have much time. I need to find my master card.”

Hersy spread her arms happily.

"ha ha ha! You don't disappoint me either! But what should I do? I don't have Kayden's MasterCard."

“Shut up. We'll check that out.”

There was something alive in Sabina's voice.

"However much. There's no law that says you'll always have it. Please look hard. If you can find it in time, you win.”

“Iruki, quickly!”

After Dorothy shouted after loading the rocket punch, Iruki slowly moved on.

“Oh, I don’t have the hobby of entrusting myself to a man. I can't find what I'm looking for anyway... … .”

“Hersey.”

Iruki cut off his words and raised his head.

“Are you stupid?”

"what?"

Hersey's face crumpled.

* * *

"okay! I'm stupid! I am stupid!”

Amy turned back the way she had come.

Cayden was still clutching at his side as he came out of the woods, moaning.

"hey! Shouldn’t we just let you retire?”

“So I told you to wait… … .”

"shut up! There's less than two minutes left!”

Amy, who grabbed Cayden by the collar and raised him up, activated the schema and lifted him up.

“Aww! You are too strong.”

“What do you know!”

Amy, who cast space movement repeatedly, landed near the main gate of the magic school.

-There are 10 seconds left until the end of Scramble Royale.

"driving me crazy!"

Amy, who calculated the teleportation and schema power, ran with Cayden on her back.

5 seconds, 4 seconds, 3 seconds... … .

Hearing Lulu's electrical signal, she threw Cayden with all her might.

“Go, Caden!”

2 seconds, 1 second.

Another signal came in between the counts as Cayden's body crossed the front door.

-Kayden, off-field defeat. The game time for Scramble Royale is over.

-The strongest beating Mine (●●●●). The winning team is Sirone, Iruki, Nade, Amy, Dorothy, and Sabina.

- Apply rewards and payoffs through Judge.

"ha! ha!"

After recognizing all of Lulu's signals, Amy fell face down with her hands on the ground.

“Such ignorant… … .”

Outside the front door, Kayden collapsed, wriggling through the pain.

* * *

“I won!”

Sabina and Dorothy loosened their combat stance and jumped.

Fisho still showed no emotion, only Hersy was stunned.

"ah… … .”

If you only realized how stupid you were thinking after a while, it means it wasn't even in your head.

'Why did I do that?'

“When you are driven to a dead end, even ridiculous hopes become positive.”

Hercy's eyes returned to Iruki who was approaching.

“It’s like insurance in a card game. It’s a good strategy to assume and insure a particular situation, but you end up forcing all assumptions into that particular situation.”

“Heh, don’t be proud… … !”

“Because I’m thinking of cheating… … .”

Hercy's face crumpled, but Iruki didn't care and continued talking, looking back at Dorothy and remembering her advice.

“You lose track of what really matters.”

“… … .”

Realizing complete defeat, Hercy gnashed his teeth.

“See you at the graduation exam. I will definitely step on you.”

“You’re thinking of helping hard.”

It was a condition that two members of Sirone's team were to be pushed through the graduation exam.

As Hercy left the seat by teleportation, Sabina and Dorothy approached.

“Good job, Iruki.”

"okay. Thanks to all of you who moved according to the strategy.”

said Dorothy.

“I’ll say it again when the team members get together, but it’s definitely an ambiguous condition. To pick two people.”

Cayden reacted emotionally at the meeting before the scramble royale started, so even the Sirone team presented the strongest conditions, but after winning, the performance was ambiguous.

Iruki suggested.

“How about this? Until the graduation exams, the two lowest ranked among us will be rewarded.”

Sabina agreed.

“That's a good way. To be honest, these words are a bit emotional, but I hope all six of us pass.”

There will be no one who will deliberately lower their rank to get help from the Golden Ring.

'Because I know what's really important.'

Dorothy smiled at the sky, thinking that she was fortunate to have entered the magic school.

* * *

“Are you sure you are leaving now? It looks like you are seriously injured.”

It was Amy who made it happen, but Caden knew her character now.

“I can do simple recovery magic. I will be treated by a pro on the way.”

Since scramble royale itself is illegal, I had no intention of stopping by the infirmary.

"okay. Will you come back?”

“I just want to get some fresh air. It's been a while since I stopped by the house. Above all, my rank is quite high.”

Now that I think about it, it was absurd.

“If I want to drop below Nade in rank, I won’t be able to come back for at least a month.”

Nade's graduating class was ranked last, and at this point it was impossible to even guarantee whether he would return.

"haha! is that so? go carefully In the meantime, I'm going to move up the rankings.”

Caden turned around with a wry smile.

“Give my regards to Maya.”

"no. Come back and tell me directly. To be honest, I feel uncomfortable being with him.”

"Ha ha ha ha ha!"

Cayden, who suddenly came up with an idea, threw his head back and burst into laughter.

“Now I see, they are a match made in heaven. Sirone and you.”

Amy's face turned red.

“What nonsense are you talking about? We're still not together... … !”

“Mine ribs you broke, sirone broke a few days ago.”

“… … .”

“You don’t give the bones time to attach, and you beat them. I'm really fed up with you two.”

Amy asked with a worried expression.

“Could you… … .”

"don't worry. I won't bother you now. So enjoy life to the fullest.”

Cayden, who had been walking away from school, looked back at Amy and raised a corner of his mouth.

“Karmis.”

Amy also saw him off with a smile.

“Have a good trip, Cross.”

* * *

Participants who still had the afterglow of the game gathered one after another to where Iruki was.

Sirone arrives with Eden, and Amy joins them for the last time.

“Whew, we were on the edge, right? Everyone has suffered.”

As Sirone said, all of them looked exhausted.

“It’s a bit like going back like this, but how about something simple to eat?”

Amy stroked her rumbling belly and Sabina agreed.

"I'm hungry too. But there must be no shops open at this time? The canteen on campus is also closed.”

Eden said.

“Let’s go to the cafeteria. I'll make it with the ingredients there. I can do simple food. Believers also said it was delicious.”

“Eden, you?”

Although Eden had been defeated in the confrontation, his expression was calmer than before.

“Because making food for the hungry is also an act of love.”

Iruki nodded.

“Okay then let’s go. Fisho, would you like to go eat with me?”

Even after the combined team disbanded, Fichot remained in place.

“… … I am not alone.”

Fishaw was the oldest in his senior class.

“Who said what? Let's try to replicate this game. There may have been unexpected odds. Because you were in charge of scramble too.”

“If you say so.”

The pain of defeat is great, but I knew how important it was to analyze the causes of failure.

Just when Fishaw joined and everyone was about to head to the campus cafeteria, Sirone called.

"for a moment. But there are some problems.”

“Is it a problem?”

"It's against the school rules to enter the cafeteria at this time."

“… … .”

Everyone opened their mouths with dazed expressions, and Iruki asked in a sluggish atmosphere.

“Are you serious now?”

"huh. What if I get caught and get scolded by the teacher?”

Everyone who heard that far turned away from the answer and walked away.

"wait! I'm really anxious... … !”

Hearing Sirone's footsteps hurriedly following, Fisho said.

“That’s Sirone.”

"of course. It's a magic school."

Amy said, suppressing a chuckle.

"He's not normal either."

Scramble Royale ended.

---------------------------------------