[319] 1/3 (5)

“It is illegal to help someone for a fee. But the situation itself is the same. What if Fermi was just helping someone out of the mood? Would that even be considered unfair?”

Olivia couldn't answer.

“Graduation test subjects are ranked from 1st to 30th. However, the gap between students is not constant every year. In some years, the level is similar, but in other years, comprehension talent appears and sweeps it alone. There is nothing to think differently about Fermi.”

“Even so, there is a problem with intentionally dropping out. It goes against the purpose of the graduation exam.”

Alpheas shook his head.

“Think of Sirone in Class Four. Maybe next year I'll be moving up to my senior year. If Sirone goes pro right now, what level do you think he will be?”

Olivia put a finger to her lips and thought.

“Hmm, if it is limited to combat ability, wouldn’t it be enough to rub up to level 8? In fact, everyone below 6th grade is there. They are tossing and turning with each other.”

“We can say that because we look down from above. For students, even a 10th level wizard is an incredibly high wall. And that's natural. However, students who transcend the student level are bound to be everywhere. You can’t talk about fairness just because there are a few such children.”

“That’s it, but… … .”

“In terms of the level of difficulty of the competition, next year’s senior year is much tougher. It's no exaggeration to say that the squad of kids going up to the graduating class next semester is the strongest ever. But will they be dissatisfied because the competition is tougher than in other years?”

“But those kids aren’t going to drop out on purpose.”

"That's something you don't know. I'm not saying that you drop out on purpose, it's just that it's difficult to set clear standards for things like this. Whether there is a lobby or not, the free competition system does not change.”

Olivia groaned and groaned on her chin.

At present, no means were in place to overthrow Fermi's dictatorship. What on earth is a wizard with professional-level skills, and even a questionable eating out of the rules, thinking of doing something like this?

“In the end, there is no way to save Amy. It's unfortunate.”

“Are you sure that Amy could have passed 100 percent if there had been no collusion?”

Olivia's eyes glazed over at Alpheas' induction paper.

“In terms of talent alone, that’s what I mean.”

“The crimson eyes of Karmis are recognized even on the continent. Whatever you teach me, I absorb it like a sponge. Shall I say an all-round beauty? Of course, she is also beautiful in real life.”

Olivia shed Alpheas with cold eyes. But she wasn't particularly wrong, so she put her chin on her chin and let out her snort.

“… … Too pretty is also a mask.”

“He’s the kid I’ve been watching since I was twelve. You will be able to overcome it.”

The two turned their heads out the window. The school, where numerous incidents took place over the course of a year, was sleeping as quietly as the stage after the performance.

That's how the first year of magic school came to an end.

Ephemeral Rift (1)

Heaven's sixth thousand jebul.

There are two mecha systems in the city of angels, Jebul.

One was Ingris, where the Akashic Records were located, and the other was the Great World War, the laboratory of Archangel Kariel.

The Great World War, which had been devastated by Sirone's Photon Cannon, had been completely restored.

The massive pillar-shaped central control system was the tallest structure in World War II. Next to the pillars emitting five-color light, a galactic mirror that observed the movement of stars was running smoothly.

The World War has returned to its former form. But heaven wasn't like that.

After Sirone left, the wind of change blew in the first thousand Sharmaines. The subjects no longer thought only that Ilhwa's sake was right, and even radicals appeared among them.

The more so, the angels mobilized all their abilities to break through the time and space of the maze.

At the vanguard of that was the archangel Kariel.

An archangel of birth who tried to cast the art of life on Amy, Tess, and Arin, who were captured by the fallen angel Ikasa.

The most intelligent of the angels, he analyzed the meta gate that Sirone had left behind while returning to the original world.

And finally, I found the coordinates to the country of the land. However, he had to break through the labyrinth's space-time to get there.

“Even if you know the coordinates, you have no choice but to drill. But this is really ambiguous.”

“Then, isn’t there any point in recovering the coordinates?”

Kariel turned around at the majestic voice.

Realizing the identity of the voice, he smiled. Another archangel, Yuriel, was floating in the air wearing heavy white gloves.

Angels are taller than humans, but Uriel was the tallest among the angels, reaching 3 meters. It was as thick as it was tall, so that the breastplate reached the tip of the chin.

Kariel climbed to the top of the central computing system by flapping her wings of light once. A large screen was installed at a height of 40 meters, and countless figures were moving around.

“Not necessarily. Now, even in the terrestrial kingdom, the population of the Nephilim is considerable. Even if you destroy the space-time of the labyrinth, you should be able to hit the firewall. But if you have the coordinates, you can ignore it.”

“Creating the space-time of the labyrinth? Wasn't that strategy dismissed long ago?”

Ankera was the only one who could reject the archangel's proposal. In fact, Anke Ra forbade the act of investigating the land country after the final war was blocked by the labyrinth.

The archangels did not know why, but they could not disobey the will of Ankera, who is in charge of the Akashic Records.

But Kariel did not give up.

The decisive factor was the appearance of Sirone. His presence changed his subjects. And that change was amplifying rapidly over time.

“I have no intention of going against Ra's will either. It's a precautionary measure, so to speak. The kingdom of the earth will one day have to be conquered. It might be too late to go and make things at that time, right?”

"then… … This experiment is also unconvincing.”

Kariel raised one corner of her mouth.

There has never been a time when I was not sure. However, whenever I tried, Miro reacted swiftly and blocked it. Now it felt like I was playing her game with her behind her back.

But for today, she will have no choice but to give up.

The space-time of the maze is pierced. Ankera doesn't want to, but... … What to do? That too was just fate.

Kariel flew through the Milky Way to the western wall. Uriel watched for a moment, then he caught up with him in an instant, raising a fearsome gale.

“Now, this is my work to introduce today.”

“… … .”

Uriel was unable to comment.

Kariel's masterpiece was huge enough to occupy a quarter of the huge world war. It was a rectangular wall 40 meters wide and 70 meters high.

Uriel's size, which had looked like the second coming of a kidney just a moment ago, suddenly felt shabby in front of the wall.

"It's pretty big."

When Uriel acknowledged it, Kariel became even more elated.

“I’ve been thinking about why we can’t break through the labyrinth’s space-time. It's because the dimensional wall is a property that can't be broken in the first place. But with this cloth width, it is possible. It's the same as breaking liquid if you freeze it. It's a direct hit to the space-time of the labyrinth.”

“It’s a direct hit. In short, is this cloth width the space-time of a maze?”

If you go into specifics, it's quite wrong, but simply thinking about it, it's a right opinion.

Well, what about anyone? I called Uriel today because I needed his arms, not his head.

“If the cloth width is broken, the maze’s space-time will also be broken. I wanted to add an amplification circuit, but it's impossible without Ikael's help.”

Uriel avoided replying.

Ikael won't help. It is also true that she was imprisoned for committing an irreparable crime, but the incident Shirone committed made it even more certain that she was siding with her humans.

Kariel tapped the cloth and said.

“How about a challenge?”

Uriel wondered if he should destroy it.

It is said that if the ceiling is broken, the space-time of the maze will also be broken. And it was against Ankera's will.

'No, no one can go against Ra's will. Not because he is strong, but because he is whole.'

No matter what future comes, Ra is just Ra. Kariel knew that, so she must have been doing something reckless.

Uriel decided to be honest. Wasn't it Ikael, not Ra, that bothered me from the start?

'why… … Has Ikael abandoned us?'

Angels have been in charge of conveying and destroying the will of the gods to the kingdoms of the earth since ancient times. Among them, Uriel was an archangel who did a great job in destroying them. His power overturned the earth and split the sea in two.

However, when Yuriel, who blindly slaughtered humans, heard rumors that Ikael might have sided with humans, he wondered if he was right.

Ikael is always right.

No, it's not a matter of right or wrong. Even if it's not right for her, I want to follow her. If it is the nature given to you, you will do your best even if it is wrong.

Perhaps Kariel had been with that thought all her life.

Angels do not have the concept of a mother. But if I had to name someone as my mother, it was Ikael. An archangel among archangels who has taken care of them since they were born.

Uriel slightly turned his head to look at Kariel. Seeing his innocent smile reminded me of something a long time ago.

At that time, Kariel's personality was not like this. She is still smirking and perverted, but obsessed with a purpose, she did not create anything. When I created a fun and whimsical object and gave it to Ikael, she laughed happily and petted Kariel.

“Kariel, if it's me, I can destroy it. I bet you know. Do you really want that?”

"haha! Because this time it won't be easy. No, to be honest, we have to destroy it. I want to destroy the kingdom of the earth as soon as possible. If we destroy the space-time of the labyrinth, today will be the day.”

“Why are you in such a hurry? He hasn't said anything yet. Ymir still hasn't woken up. Does she really need to do this?”

Kariel looked at the outside of the fire. The riot that occurred in the first thousand Sharmain spread to the second thousand Rakia, and the battle between the subjects and the fallen angels was in full swing.

“Sirone has changed Heaven. And this is just the beginning. We must break through the labyrinth of space-time as soon as possible and get rid of the humans on the ground.”

It's not that I don't understand Kariel's worries.

However, it didn't make sense for the Archangel, who had destroyed so many land countries, to be impatient with the riots of his subjects.

“Do you think Ikael will return if we destroy humans?”

Kariel's face suddenly hardened.

“… … what do you mean?"

“Ikael's sins have already been erased. that the event itself does not exist. In return, the guffin also disappeared. Isn't this enough for her to forgive her, at least for the two of us?”

Kariel's planetary body expanded at a terrifying speed.

As the halo of over 40 meters in diameter unfolded, the mecha system of the Great World War sounded an emergency warning. It seemed to represent Kariel's current state of mind.

“Can the guilt be erased? Then what are these dirty memories that remain with us? I don't even care about guffins! Ichael is just disgusting! Never say that out of your mouth again!”

“Are you really going to fight her? Kariel, ask again. I'm asking if she really wants to fight her.”

Kariel gave the impression that sadness and anger coexisted.

“You gave birth to a human child!”

Halo sent a water wave like a wave. As the mecha system repeatedly turned on and off, the Great World War flickered.

---------------------------------------