[389] Battle Readiness (2)

'What is this feeling?'

Even after the song ended, Sirone remained in her seat, unable to calm her pounding heart.

"uh? Sirone!”

Maya, who noticed it belatedly, welcomed him with a bright smile.

"come in. What are you doing here?”

"I thought I'd wash up a bit. I came because I heard the music.”

Sirone held up her toothbrush to get rid of the suspicion of spying.

Either way, Maya moved her butt off the piano chair and suggested a seat.

“Sit here. there are no chairs Oh, if you're busy... … .”

Since it was Sirone who was struggling to the death with the strong players in the senior class, I thought that there would be no time for leisurely chatting.

"no it's okay. I had nowhere to go anyway.”

The piano chair was small and Maya had some flesh. As their arms touched each other, a sense of unfamiliarity was transmitted through their skin. Her skin was soft and a bit on the cold side.

The awkward Sirone spoke first.

“Ahaha, you sing so well, why didn’t you talk? I don’t know much about music, but I think I do much better than a pro.”

Seeing sadness in Maya's eyes, Sirone realized her mistake. Even though he has such great skills, if he is not a professional, there is no choice but to have a story.

"Oh sorry. If something hurts... … .”

Maya smiled and shook her head. Seriously, I couldn't stand Sirone's seriousness. So she was even more upset.

'It's been like that since the beginning.'

On the presentation day of the Supernatural Psychic Research Conference, Maya first saw Sirone speaking on the roof.

prove the invisible

The situation at the time that convinced all the students was shocking to her. She was the brightest star in school.

"sing… … Shall I call you?”

"huh. I want to hear it.”

When Maya put her hands on the keyboard and started singing, Sirone immediately fell into her music.

I thought it was just a sound. But she had the power to move people's hearts with her voice.

'ah… … I see.'

To sing only for the happiness of the listener, forgetting about graduation from magic school, the circumstances of the tribe, and the poverty of the family.

At this moment, he wasn't a wizard.

Maya was an artist.

After the celestial song ended, the afterword flowed. Sirone couldn't even exhale until the note disappeared soundlessly.

A moan escaped from between his trembling lips.

“Haaaaaa.”

diva. The goddess was in front of me.

Sirone could not resist Maya's eyes looking at her with a passionate gaze. Fire penetrated into my heart. She seemed like she would take anything she gave.

“… … .”

The sunset was setting outside the window.

* * *

The 8th week's main skill enhancement time is back.

It was an intense competition to gain an upper hand in the ranking competition because the distribution of scores was autonomous as it evaluates the achievement of 20 items related to the major.

Students report challenges prior to the assessment. For example, if you challenge three items to level 7 and do not reach them, you will not be awarded points for that week.

Therefore, if you need even 1 point, it is better to choose an appropriate level of difficulty, and on the contrary, if you need a high score, it is better to increase the level of difficulty even if you take an adventure.

Sirone was sitting side by side with her friends and watching the evaluation of other students' major skills.

The reason why the analysis's eyes are sharper than usual is that after tomorrow, the scrimmer and the high ground occupation confrontation will be held.

The Sirone team has already been decided, but the members of the Screamer team have not yet been confirmed. Therefore, it was good to analyze the majors of as many people as possible today.

The difference between the main skill enhancement evaluation and other events is that actual magic is cast instead of 2,000 times.

Various devices were equipped in each area, and the impact force test in particular was similar to the marble in the maze seen in the Kergo ruins.

After 7 people finished the evaluation, it was Fishaw's turn. The evaluation teacher checked the evaluation paper and looked up.

“Fisho, what is the challenge?”

“I will challenge three items. Eruption, gigantism, mutation. The difficulty levels are 5, 6, and 5, respectively.”

Twenty-five years old, the oldest in his senior year, Fisho.

Although he doesn't stand out in the evaluation, his Insect magic makes Sirone excited every time he sees it.

“Fisho has gone up one notch from last week. It’s only been 8 weeks, but you’re entering the intermediate level, right?”

“You are twenty-five. You should consider that you have polished your major for at least 5 years more than others. I’ll probably pass easily this time too.”

“At this point, Sirone, there is something you must know.”

Nade said with a serious look.

“That guy, Fisho, is the president of the Ant Language Research Society.”

“Ant language research society? Is there such a thing?”

“It's a research society that works in the shadows like us. They want to have an audience with the queen ant by analyzing the ant's pheromone language. Perhaps they are thinking of making a diplomatic agreement.”

After thinking for a moment, Sirone asked.

“But why should I know that?”

"you idiot! If they make a pact with the queen ant, they'll hit the supernatural psychic research group. It's not a matter of subsuming a few ants. All the ants under the queen's control will become enemies!”

Sirone moved her lips to say something, but eventually turned her head away without saying anything.

Iruki continued.

“Insect is the most maniac category among majors. It's good to watch while we can.”

“Is it similar to summoning magic?”

"no. A boss imitates a specific target so perfectly that it is close to the real thing. Of course, insects are also possible, but you can't implement hundreds of species of insects that way.”

“Then how do you do the fisho?”

Iruki referred to the explanation he had heard from his father.

“The core battery of the insert series is the egg. An aggregate of undifferentiated functions that can evolve into various forms. They say that it induces spontaneous generation with the theory of 'ecosystem in the head', but they say that this is really insanely difficult. Because we have to calculate from occurrence to evolution and mutation.”

“Hmm, that must be really difficult.”

“So there are many scholars in the Insect field. But once you become a wizard, you get treated very well. Ficho will be in his senior year by the time he is twenty-five, but graduating now is absolutely no loss.”

When Fisho signaled that he was ready, the assessment teacher presented a challenge.

“First of all, eruption. The fifth level is three hundred.”

Fisho tuned the battery with the ecological theory in his head. Once the food chain and predators were established, the eggs began to differentiate into the most suitable population for survival.

“Grasshopper.”

A swarm of 300 locusts flew up from Fishaw's feet and flew like black particles through the clouds.

The teacher wrote three hundred and twelve on the record sheet. It was not difficult to count insects through synesthesia.

“It is 1 point for passing the 5th stage. Next is gigantism.”

Ficho closed his eyes again and concentrated.

It took approximately 5 minutes to differentiate the egg by increasing the oxygen saturation and adjusting the surrounding environment.

An ant as huge as a person was born and moved its antennae in all directions to examine the surroundings.

Both female students and male students frowned as if they were terrible. So Fisho is a loner.

“Body surface area 2.02 square meters. passing gigantic. 1 point earned Next, mutation.”

This time, it took a whopping 20 minutes to build the battery. As such, the results were shocking.

A centipede with the protective coloration of a ladybug crawled on the floor. The scythe-like jaws opened, and the deadly venom shot all the way.

“One type of shape change. 1 function change. Passed.”

"thank you."

It was an amazing demonstration and a shocking sight, but the students just wished they would never see it again.

That's how Fisho's main skill was strengthened, and Maya walked out in the next turn.

Nade made a horn and shouted.

“Maya, fighting!”

Maya just smiled and scratched her cheek and went into the evaluation room without showing any reaction.

"huh? Why are you like that? Is something bad happening?”

Embarrassed Nade licked his lips.

But now that I see it, Sirone's expression doesn't look particularly good either.

"what? What happened to you two?”

There was no way to know that it was Sirone.

After the incident in the music room, Maya deliberately distanced herself. He didn't treat her coldly, but he didn't feel as friendly as before.

Iruki said.

“Maybe we were too rude.”

"What are you talking about? What did we do to Maya?”

“Even if she was insulted by the screamer, she should have made the choice. Because there are people she doesn't want to fight with.”

Nade suddenly recalled the situation at the time. He was relieved when he shouted to bring Maya to fight, but thinking about it again, he clearly crossed the line.

“Uh, so what? I made a loud noise. No, shouldn’t we apologize and make things happen that didn’t happen?”

“Maya doesn’t get mad about that. And I'm not angry about that.”

Sirone said bluntly.

According to Iruki, the feeling should have already arrived when we met in the music room. But she was more affectionate than anyone else, and sang her songs with all her heart.

'But why are you avoiding it? why?'

Maya's evaluation ended quickly. All three categories of vocal volume, sound vibration, and sound remained at the second stage, and they did not pass even that.

“None of the sonic magics are below average. After that, it will be impossible to graduate this year.”

Ned cried at Iruki's words.

“Shouldn’t graduation be the problem, should we be worried about the entire evaluation right now? You said that you can get a high score even if you have Maya as a team member. Wasn't there some kind of strategy?"

“No, I just spit it out as it came out. You can’t say good things to the screamers there, can you?”

"what? you then... … !”

“Don’t make a fuss. Just because I didn't think about it doesn't mean there isn't a solution. That's it, you can think about it from now on. Anyway, maybe the reason why Maya is like that is because of her grades. Even I can see it doesn't go well with sound magic.”

"Maybe it's the other way around."

Iruki looked back at Shirone.

“What have you been talking about since before? You two, what really happened?”

Sirone told the story of what happened in the music room. Maya's incredible singing ability and the thrill running down her spine.

“Hmm, popular song. Definitely a different area. Because sound magic borrows vocal music to maximize the function of the voice.”

Iruki's head turned quickly. I thought that maybe it could be a major variable in the occupation of this highland.

Next up for Maya was Fermi. Heading to the training ground, he glanced back at Sirone and laughed.

Fermi's major is Air, and the main skill enhancement score is exactly 100 points. All items were cleared 5 levels.

Similar to the average speed of Class One, it seems that there is no chance of falling into Class Two even now.

The evaluation teacher changed the evaluation paper and asked.

“Fermi, what is the challenge?”

Fermi said with a smile.

“I will master it.”

The evaluation teacher stopped trying to record and raised his head. The students also started whispering.

Last year, he mastered all of his special skill enhancements, so it wasn't unusual, but the timing was too early.

Considering that they usually started to pick up speed after the 12th week, it was a whopping 4 weeks fast pace.

'It must have been influenced by Sirone's existence.'

After defeating Fermi in the survival test and even declaring war, it was a strategy to use this opportunity to dampen spirits again.

"good night. Let’s measure from the first press item.”

Fermi held out his index and middle fingers and pointed at the impact-measuring device.

The air was compressed at the tip of the finger, and the air gun fired with a bang.

The eyes of the students turned to the billboard beyond the glass marbles.

1,123 press.

It was a figure that easily passed the master difficulty of 1,000 presses.

---------------------------------------