Dongguk and Seoguk (3)

Dawn broke over the wasteland.

“Should we start soon?”

When the three of them, who had been playing all night, got up from their seats, Sirone also cheered up.

'It was really long.'

In the world of high gear, the need to sleep doesn't arise.

Because you are already dreaming.

Perhaps the setting of replacing the human body with a machine might be perfect for an undercoder.

Destruction Demon 707 and the others enjoying the game was, in a sense, killing time.

Princess Death asked while wearing a helmet.

“Yahweh 2, are you okay? Aren't you bored? Even if we got stuck in the middle, we were fine.”

"no. I was thinking about this and that. But not sleeping is unusual.”

If it was Yahweh's spirit, he could last for a month in reality, but he didn't feel tired at all.

“Even if it’s a dream to use your brain, won’t you get tired if you play for too long?”

The strongest code name said.

“Of course it is. So sometimes I disconnect and leave. But don't worry too much. High gear is completely different from real time.”

“How much difference does it make?”

It was natural that the signals of simultaneous events in high gear would not be transmitted.

When Sirone dreams, it is as if Sirone in another space cannot see the dream.

“I don’t know because I haven’t measured it accurately, but I heard from others that about 30 days here is a day in reality.”

“30 days… …

Sirone stuck out his tongue.

'Then in reality, less than an hour has passed yet. Is it because it's much deeper than Drimo?'

Thinking of the meaning of the cowardice created by humans, Sirone slung her rifle over her shoulder.

God of Destruction 707 said.

“Let’s go. I raised the level to a certain extent yesterday, so it's almost time to get to the attogram.”

After walking for about two hours, I saw a 5-meter high iron wall at the end of the wasteland.

“This is the final gateway to the wasteland of electrons. If we get any closer from here, a muzzle will come out of the wall and attack us.”

"huh. In order to avoid that, there must be this function, reflex response correction.”

On the way to this place, they had reached level 10 because they had been hunting non-stop.

Sirone examined the function through augmented reality.

-reflex response correction (on/off)

A function activated at level 9 that analyzes external attacks and automatically evades them. Death Princess explained.

“Reflex response correction is a function against automatic aiming. It's aimed automatically, so there's also a function to automatically dodge. However, if you are at the same level, the efficiency of automatic aiming is much better.”

Sirone understood.

“Well, if the function of reflex response compensation is better, no one will be able to hit it.”

"that's right. That's why masters sometimes turn off reflex response correction. You believe in your own abilities. Or, there are cases where you get only the necessary information while quickly repeating on and off. But at a lower level like us, it's a must. It's because you can't avoid bullets with a level 10 output. ah… …

Death Princess realized.

“You can avoid it. Then you can turn it off. Your senses will still be much better.”

"No, I'll try anyway. It is easier to apply later when you get used to the system now.”

Having come to a conclusion, Sirone and the others started running toward the wall 500 meters away.

With a level 10 output, it could exceed 5 meters in height, but the problem was bullets.

"come!"

Hundreds of gun barrels shot out from the walls and spewed fire at the party.

Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta!

Dozens of attached lines appeared in augmented reality, and the probability of each hit was displayed next to them.

Sirone's body moved quickly as reflex response correction, or movement correction, was applied.

"bump! bump!"

Since artificial intelligence is, after all, the user's brain in high gear, there was no sense of heterogeneity.

'It's really comfortable. Instead of accepting external thoughts, accidents are being triggered from within.'

The Demon God of Destruction 707 shouted.

“You have to run as far as you can! If it goes below 50 percent, it gets tough from then on!”

The closer you got to the wall, the more your chance of avoidance dropped.

Leaving the rain of bullets in the AI's care, Sirone calculated the distance.

'Now.'

I increased the output of the high gear and kicked the ground vigorously, and four people flew up at the same time.

“Yaaaaa!”

The shouting drew a parabola, and finally the four of them jumped over the wall and landed.

The gunshots disappeared and silence came.

“Whoa, that’s it.”

As Sirone looked around, artificial intelligence outputted spatial information.

- The beginning of the royal road.

Beyond the wall was a dense forest of conifers, and a road led up to the hill.

He raised his head at the sound of a bird, but it was a creature, and even a level 8 enemy.

Death Princess said.

“The beginning of the royal road is a place that brings users spread out in the wasteland of electrons together. No matter what wall you jump over, you have to go through this path.” God of Destruction 707 added.

“The Attogram is the first neutral zone you arrive in high gear. Even if it is a low-level state, the scale is surprisingly large. It's the place that decides between East and West. That's why rankers often come and listen to trends and sometimes do scouting.”

It was the beginning of a serious journey.

Seoguk Guild Ranking 1st, Ascension.

A powerful blast of air came out of the custom capsule, and the door slammed open.

Inside the capsule stood a beautiful woman with curly blonde hair covering her eyes.

- High gear charging complete.

The aircraft shook with a clanking sound, and black flat shoes stepped on the ground.

Height is 172 cm, weight is top secret.

However, it was a slim body that would not exceed 55 kg if it was a human body.

User codename, operator.

It was unquestionably the most powerful hardware and software in high gear.

≪Uh ha, she deliberately outputted a voice and roamed around the room like a cat.

“It’s fine.”

The damaged area from the previous raid had been restored.

The entire building used by the Ascension Guild was 23 stories high, and her room was on the 22nd floor.

When I opened the door and went out into the hallway, a 130cm tall girl was standing in the elevator.

A code name appeared in the operator's eyes. little witch

At level 482, the overall ranking is 13th, but in the duel field, the overall ranking is 7th.

was a talented

'It's embarrassing.'

It was unusual to become a ranker in the shortest period of time, but there was a unique atmosphere that was difficult to deal with.

The operator walked to the elevator and asked.

"What's going on on the 22nd floor?"

Since it is a floor exclusively for guild leaders, guild members do not come here unless there is a special occasion.

The little witch turned around.

"uh? are you connected? It's quiet even when you knock.”

The face was close to that of a doll, and it was difficult to show expressions, and even the jaw was the same as that of a jointed doll.

“I went out for a while to repair the aircraft. Are you here to find me? What is it?”

"No, just. It's kind of weird these days." This was the reason the operator had a hard time dealing with her little witch.

“Do you know Yahweh?”

"Yahweh?"

The little witch, who was checking the number of floors in the elevator, turned her head faster than usual.

But the emotions could not be read.

“Hmm. If you know, you know; if you don't, you don't know. But why Yahweh? Does it have anything to do with the recent sentimentality?”

“It’s in high gear. You made a bet with me. If you beat me in a duel, I will grant you what you want.”

“Hoo.”

The little witch's face was still smiling, but the operator was somehow creepy.

The elevator door opened.

The little witch who entered first asked the operator who followed her.

“Why does that make you feel bad?”

“I did some research, and he turned out to be a much bigger guy than I knew. good till there But he ignored high gear. I have no choice but to use myself for the sake of real people.”

"haha! Are you completely blocked?”

It seems like they're taking sides, but somehow I feel like they're having fun.

So the operator was even more upset.

“Of course it won't go the way he wants. You won't be able to defeat me anyway.”

“Oops, number.”

The little witch pressed down on the first floor and said.

“Of course, beating an undefeated Operator is difficult. But it won't be easy. Actually, I know Yahweh a little, but he is no ordinary bet either.”

"know."

This was the reason the operator was in a mess.

“There was a lot of talk at yesterday’s meeting. You seem to have a special sense of time. I dodged a rifle shot while in bio. It means that you have already transcended humans with your body.”

“Wow, really? It's so cool.”

At the little witch's exaggerated performance, the operator slightly twisted the bridge of her nose.

“The problem is that he denied my world. He could never lose to a guy like that. He's frankly pissed off. he said he would smash it. If you still can't understand it, even if it shocks the brain of reality... …

"operator."

When I turned my head to the changed voice, the little witch was staring at me with the same expression.

“I don't care what you do. I will support you too. However, if you harm the real Yahweh... …

That makes it even more terrifying.

“You die to me.”

The aircraft couldn't swallow saliva, but the saliva ran out of the Operator's mind.

"??????okay."

Even though she turned away from reality, she knew how scary the place was outside.

'Little witch. What a strange person.' I thought about asking the tutorial manager, but breaking the rules was an absolute no-go.

However, as a result of watching her while living in the guild, there was one part that I could guess.

'Perhaps the Empress of Kashan... … The person who was.'

According to the investigation, Kashan is currently ruled by an emperor named Gando.

'There is no limit to financial power. And it's incredibly deep. More than anything… … I knew the top secret of the temple.

'Of course I found out by hacking the dream.'

The most important piece of evidence was that I couldn't access the witch's dream by any means.

'There's a chance he's not human.'

While the atmosphere became heavy, the operator finished his thoughts and continued.

"don't worry. Because I'm not interested in things outside. Of course, the relationship between you and Yahweh. I just need to smash Yahweh in high gear.”

“Huh, I’ll look forward to it.”

When the little witch's voice softened, the operator gently tilted her head.

'It's so strange.'

Why can hundreds of emotions be felt on a face that hardly changes in expression?

"come."

The elevator reached the first floor.

"come."

At the end of the beginning of the royal road, Sirone caught sight of a huge city in the distance.

Was it like this before the end of the world of Apocalypse?

“It’s amazing.”

Numerous high-rise buildings went up to the sky, and trains passed between the buildings.

God of Destruction 707 said.

“From now on, all that remains is to become stronger in earnest. Of course, it can be annoying in earnest, but that's okay. We have a son of Yolgah.”

Destruction Demon 707 and the others were like the second round of play, but they were much more excited than the first round.

'It goes into the golden ring.'

Dreaming of a hopeful future, Sirone and the others sprinted down the hill.

“Good! Let's smash it!”

Spatial information: free cities, attograms