[604] To someone (2)

* * *

“Did I just tell you the place?”

Liz, who sent Nade like that, thought about why Nade was angry at the study meeting.

It's still heartbreaking.

When Nade officially confessed, he drew a line firmly, but looking back now, it seems that he was embarrassed.

'What was he afraid of?'

To be honest, I wasn't a comfortable junior.

Although she was innocent, she always felt a subtle tightrope walk whenever she was with Nade.

'The timing wasn't good.'

To a woman who graduated from a prestigious school and is swollen with dreams for the future, the confession of a junior was like throwing herself into the darkness where she could not see the future.

never mind... … couldn't choose

'Because I didn't know what my future would be like.'

And now, Oscar was by her side, guaranteeing her a happy future.

'Yeah, that's it. Something in the past... … .'

Liz shook her head and erased the past.

“Nade.”

However, the reason why the name pops up again at the end of the decision was because of what happened on that day four years ago, which I can never forget.

"what?"

Nade looked around the restaurant when Liz, whom she had been talking to for nearly three months, did not show up today.

'Hmm, I'll take care of it.'

I had been treated embarrassingly by my juniors for several months, so it was time to give up.

“What happened to Liz? Didn't you come back yesterday?"

Regardless of his will, Nade's ears pricked up.

"I know. He said there was something to be done with the study group.”

"I'm sure you weren't caught? The alchemy vendors are said to be really evil.”

The word alchemy company captured Nade's consciousness.

“Bad children. They took advantage of being a student and fed usury.”

Nade banged the tableware and hit it.

“I’m going to die loudly.”

With all the students watching, Nade got up and went to Liz's friends.

“If you’re that worried, can’t you just go and see? What are you doing while eating?”

My friends grimaced as if they had seen a monster.

“What do you care? Are you bored without Liz? That's what you normally do."

Nade took out a chair and sat down.

“Tell me in detail. So what happened?”

After escaping from school, Nade arrived in the middle of a dark alleyway in Creas City.

“How stupid.”

From what I heard from my friends, it is said that the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Society conducted a soul transmission experiment.

I used financial products from the Alchemy Company to procure the equipment, but it seemed that I was caught in an evil spirit.

Finding Liz wasn't difficult for Nade, who didn't get any hints, but knew the physiology of the back alley.

After walking for a while, the lower ranks of an organization were smoking and chatting.

Nade approached without hesitation and asked crookedly.

“Hey, you guys, come here for a second.”

The gang members who turned their heads nervously made sure that they were still children and made absurd expressions.

“What is this kid? you here... … Whoops!”

All they saw was an afterimage of blue lightning that occurred in an instant, and all but one lost consciousness.

“Where is Liz?”

Nade grabbed his neck and asked, and the frightened man shouted with his eyes quivering.

"I don't know! I don't even know who I am!”

Of course it was.

“Then find someone you know.”

After digging into the shadowy organization like that, Nade heard the news that she was imprisoned in the private residence of Wiz, an alchemist in the forest.

“Beyond alchemy.”

Upon infiltrating the residence, there was a warehouse built 200 meters away, guarded by two sturdy guards.

As Nade approached, he heard a rough sound.

"Who are you? How did you get in here?”

“Give me the woman.”

Just hearing those words, the experienced guards sensed the situation and rushed towards Nade at the same time.

Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

At the sound of thunder, everyone in the warehouse turned their heads toward the door.

"what's the matter!"

Then the warehouse door was smashed and Nade entered.

“Nade?”

Liz, with a haggard face, muttered with a surprised expression.

'Still safe.'

Judging by the tangled mess of papers on the table, it seemed that they had been negotiating all night.

Of course, from Liz's point of view, Nade guessed that these were absolutely unacceptable things.

They were the ones who could hand over a memorandum of physical abandonment as well as ridiculous usury without hesitation.

'They're pros.'

Unlike other loan sharks, the Alchemy Chamber had a large amount of money, so the people they hired were all wizards.

Nade, who looked at the 7 wizards standing there, let out a devastated laugh.

“You are really crazy. Do you know what kind of place the store is and rent equipment on a whim? It is also a student topic.”

Liz put on a sad expression.

“The rent has been paid! But they keep saying that you have to buy the equipment because it is defective!”

It was a typical trick of bad guys, so Nade looked at the equipment Liz had brought.

“Ultrix-kun.”

It is a device that emits high-output electrical energy at once, and it was an expensive product that was difficult to purchase unless it was a company in the related field.

However, durability was guaranteed.

“Are there any glitches? open the lid I'll check.”

As Nade approached, Wiz held out his hand.

“What are you? You say you're inspecting Ultrix when you don't even have blood on your head? Do you know how much equipment this is?”

“That is something to watch. Do you know the internal treaty of the Chamber of Commerce? Article 7 paragraph 3. If you get caught cheating, you will be kicked out forever.”

Wiz's eyebrows twitched.

“Are you an alchemist?”

Of course, Nade did not have a formal license.

However, while studying magic engineering from a young age, his skills were no less than that of an expert, and thanks to that, he was quick to learn the taboos of the industry.

“If you are really worried, leave it to the company. choose Do you want to rent as it is and leave, or should I go to the guild with the equipment now?”

“Be surrounded.”

As soon as Wiz's words ran out, the wizards moved.

“Nade!”

Liz tried to reach, but the flames spread in concentric circles around her.

“Don't move. It becomes a whole roast.”

He would have been from the guild if he was only hired by the Chamber of Commerce, but he was a veteran in the way he posed a threat.

Wiz asked, narrowing her eyes.

“I seem to have heard of it somewhere, but to be honest, it would be better to blow it. You came here, who knows?"

Nade laughed.

“Unfortunately, I don’t have any friends… … .”

'That fool!'

There was despair in Liz's eyes.

Wouldn't it be safe to get out of this place only if you faked it with someone else?

"okay?"

As expected, Wiz's face turned evil.

“Take care of it.”

Six wizards rushed at the same time.

Even if they weren't public figures, they were as powerful as one special move they learned in real battle, so their attacks that maximized their attributes flew sharply.

Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

In an instant, the warehouse flashed with blue light, followed by a thunderclap and a thick layer of dust covered the warehouse.

“Coke! Coke!”

Wiz cleared her throat and the moment she opened her spicy eyes and looked straight ahead, her face hardened.

In a single blow, six professional wizards were electrocuted with their limbs strangely twisted.

“Turn it off!”

Liz's face turned pale as she watched the wizards grit their teeth and endure the shock.

'It's really strong.'

I just thought he was a junior with a more angular personality than others.

That's why it was a strong shock to see Nade emitting blue electricity from the place where professional wizards fell.

* * *

“Are you doing well?”

Even after Nade left, Sirone, who was still in the lab, murmured.

"You'll figure it out. Are you sure you can’t even lower your head?”

As Iruki said, Nade was not foolish, but a bigger problem than that was a broken heart.

“It’s the graduation exam now. You'll have to keep your senses until then.”

Iruki glanced at Sirone and closed the book.

"Do you really think so?"

“What do you mean? Of course you have to be alert.”

“I told you. When Nade was young, he was captured by bandits and tortured with electricity. Very cruel.”

"I know. That's why it became 'that way'. To be honest, I still don't understand. That you can control it.”

“I meant it in that sense. Maybe it would be better for Nade to wander like this. Sirone, even for you.”

"for me?"

"You're thinking that the reason you're giving up on the evaluation is that you can't become a wizard simply by getting good grades."

It was an embarrassing thing to say between friends.

“Iruki, I… … .”

"are you okay. Once I enter the graduation exam, I will have no choice but to fight you.”

Iruki stood up from his seat.

“But the problem is Nade. Maybe you can't be a wizard. There is no organization in the red line that would employ a mage in 'that state'. As long as you don’t go from one guild to another or fall into the black line.”

“Nade would never be like that.”

"i think so too. But Sirone, Nade has a completely different temperament than you.”

Iruki looked back at Shirone.

“You have endless possibilities, but Nade has clear limits. only a point. He was already the strongest at the age of eight, and Nade is still the strongest ever since. And in my judgment... … .”

Iruki's eyes turned cold.

"You can't surpass Nade with your level right now."

"It doesn't matter, even if Nade is stronger than me."

Sirone was sincere.

“But it is something that cannot be determined. We do our best for each other... … .”

"You've never seen Nade's real face, have you?"

Sirone shut his mouth.

“I saw And I saw a few more. Their opinion will be the same as mine. Nade is not a wizard. It's just magic.”

Iruki let out a sigh.

“I rather think it was a good thing. As a wizard, Ned has no future anyway. Then for your success... … .”

“I hate that.”

Sirone gritted his teeth.

“Sacrifice your future for a friend? If Nade is lazy because of me... … .”

“It's not just because of that. you know?”

“No, even so, it is unacceptable. Sacrificing in competition is nonsense!”

Iruki couldn't choose what was right.

Sirone was also a dear friend, and Nade's power was a foul, at least at the magic school level.

“I want to go see Nade. I'm worried.”

Understanding Shirone's feelings, Iruki got up and followed her.

"Come with me."

* * *

A knock on the door was heard.

“Are you Oscar? Are you here early?”

Liz, who woke up from the flashback, quickly approached and opened the door, where unexpectedly, Nade, whose complexion was dark, was standing there.

"Sir, I'm here again."

Perhaps it was because she was reminiscing about what happened four years ago, Liz's heart was also softened unlike a few hours ago.

"Come on. Did you meet Oscar?”

"that is… … . Mr. Oscar might be a little late.”

Incomprehensible, Liz opened the door and pretended to come in.

Upon entering the room, Nade's heart broke to see Oscar's clothes neatly folded.

“Sit comfortably. You'll be late, what do you mean?"

Sitting in his chair, Nade still couldn't decide whether he should tell what he saw.

“Senior, do you really love Oscar?”

"Ho Ho! What is it, all of a sudden? I got engaged because I love you.”

This was hell in a different way.

'I'd rather not have seen it.'

If I hadn't known, there might not have been any burden on my heart.

“Senior-sama, it seems to me that Mr. Oscar… … .”

Nade threw his words towards an unknown future.

“I think there is another woman.”

---------------------------------------