Tomb of the Gods (4)

Spirit of Ymir.

After arriving at the 5th level, Sirone and the others couldn't go deeper for 7 days.

“I’m going crazy.”

Arius became impatient.

As previously expected, the depth level 5 was a fairly rational environment, but the problem was that there was no discrimination.

“Hello, Mr. Sirone.” The villager, who seemed to have placed a white egg on a wooden doll, bowed his head.

And in another place, a person who looked the same as the villager from earlier greeted him.

“Hello, Mr. Sirone.”

Sirone just passed by without replying.

'I don't know who it is.'

The residents had no name, age, or gender, and the scenery around them was the same.

It was a world where structures such as the simplest circles, triangles, and squares were randomly arranged.

“I feel bad.” Miro couldn't stand it and frowned.

The residents and scenery they see now must be the eyes through which Ymir sees the world.

“Anyway, does it make sense that all villagers are the same? At least there must have been people who left an impression, right?”

Sein said.

“Looking at it now, it doesn’t seem to exist. I don't even care about the background. Is the world we live in fiercely so simple to Ymir?”

“They said it was the tomb of the gods.” Sirone said.

“At least they said that Ymir acknowledged it. So it's not like there aren't any beings left in the impression. At least Lian has to be there.”

The maze grabbed a passing resident and shouted.

"hey! Where is Ymir?”

It is taboo to raise one's name in the spirit world and use it as a droid, but the villagers didn't care.

“Hello, Sirone… … !”

Miro's fist pierced the villager's face.

Sein let out a sigh, but it was only a mental body anyway, and honestly, he felt relieved after being deceived.

When Miro withdrew his fist, the villager stumbled like a doll whose thread had been cut and fell down.

“You know what really sucks? That means we've met the guy we just destroyed 3,000 times.”

In fact, it was a problem that no one could prove, but that's why Miro's words had some truth.

“Let’s get rid of everything. First of all, you have to reduce the number to increase the chance of meeting new residents.”

Sirone said.

"You've already finished off a city, Mr. Gaold."

They had done everything that could be done in the deep 5th level world.

Arius said.

“The point here is that no villager responds to the keyword for Ymir. Perhaps this is already a world ruled by a being other than Le.”

“Didn't Ymir use all the names of the gods he fought with? With Sirone's Omega. I even tried sirone, the buzzword in the world, 'Hello sir sirone.'”

Arius' steps stopped abruptly.

“Hello, Mr. Sirone?” Miro opened her eyes.

“Are you okay?”

“No, this is something to think about. Why do the inhabitants of this world say hello to Mr. Sirone? Not even responding to Mr. Gaold who pierced the nightmare.”

Sirone said.

“I thought it might have something to do with the Ultima system. But all I tried was in vain.”

“Of course it is. What I want to tell you is that it is structured like consciousness, but this place is definitely unconscious. It wasn't like finding a specific keyword to activate it like in the surface layer. That's what it's like to lose.”

Miro said.

“Are you saying you were mistaken after all?”

“I admit I failed, but… … Misunderstanding is a word that hurts experts. You cannot mistake what you don't know. I am new to this kind of in-depth.”

"okay. Keep talking.”

“If this was the surface layer, the reason why the residents have no personality can be interpreted as Ymir's view of the world. But there are many overlapping things in the unconscious.”

"aha."

Arius spread his arms.

“It is everything in the end. All of them, in other words, this world itself is the keyword.”

I got it.

“But does knowing that change anything? After all, it’s the same thing as having tried everything.”

"perhaps… …

Arius, who paused for a moment, opened his mouth after a long pause.

“I feel like there are things I haven’t tried.”

Sirone asked.

"what is that?"

“Inverse integration.”

Arius raised his index finger.

“The villagers are Ymir's point of view, but they are also Gaian. The unification I spoke of in my nightmare. In other words, these are the simplest diagrams of the Ultima system that Ymir thinks. And Sirone-san couldn’t break it.”

u 99

Sirone, who was watching the busily moving residents of each street, readily acknowledged it.

“It’s impossible for me alone.”

"is it so. That's why there was no response. But what if Mr. Sirone is incorporated into them?”

To blend in with those who just roam the streets, unable to find meaning or purpose.

Shirone, who has trained her mental skills to the limit, can move in a state of no mind.

"maybe. The inhabitants of this place are united, but in reality they are only shells without a heart.”

Only the concept of integration remained.

"all right."

When Sirone immediately erased his mind, Sein, who was beside him, felt terrified.

'Perfect nonchalant. Currently, Sirone exists only by the work of the mind and body.'

Sirone said.

“Then let’s begin.”

It was clearly spoken, but it was a tone devoid of emotion, like a machine.

As I walked to the place where the residents were, they bowed their heads to Sirone.

“Hello, Mr. Sirone.”

Sirone, who had been listening to them indifferently, at some point quietly opened her mouth.

“Hello, Mr. Sirone.”

All the inhabitants of the world stood still.

Sirone and the others anxiously watched the world caught in perfect stillness as if time had stopped.

Arius said.

“Ymir's subconscious responded. something here... …

At that moment, the golden light emitted from the bodies of the residents soared toward the sky.

"idea?"

It was a gigantic hexa that was created by the 10 billion Gaians that make up Ymir.

A mighty voice was heard from the sky.

-He who does not belong to us, we deny your existence. get out of this world

If it were real, the heavens and the earth would have trembled, but the only ones suffering here were Sirone and the others.

“Keugh!”

-denial! denial! denial!

As the entire world surged in waves, the bodies of Sirone and the others were pushed endlessly.

Although he quickly regained his consciousness, he had already been pushed several kilometers away, and Miro developed an incarnation.

'Thousands Arms Guanshi Yin.'

The incarnation of the Heavenly Arms Crown, Seeum, growing huge without knowing the limit, their palms collided.

A tremendous bangong sound exploded, but it could not stop the power that defined the whole world.

“Sirone! Break Ultima!”

Sirone reacted mechanically and regained her mind where she was blended in with the residents.

'I deny negation.'

In an instant, the Ultima System was split into two, and the explosive power generated there.

Indeed, the world was on the verge of collapse. As the landscape radiates like thorns, all structures crumble to dust and the inhabitants

It screamed.

“Keeeee! Kieh!”

As the forms located in the middle of the human and the dummy grabbed their heads and suffered, it was so frightening that it made my shins tingle.

“I’m awake! What now?”

Sooner or later, Sirone caught up with Miro and the others, but even there, the residents were saturated.

“Fight!”

Arius, the weakest, was placed in the center, and the others surrounded him and formed a defensive line.

And countless residents began to run towards them.

"scram! get out!"

The villager rushed in with a white face and raised a clumsy sphere fist.

'How strong is it?'

Since it was Ymir's spirit, it must have been as powerful as he felt for Gaia.

Aaaaaang!

Gaold's form, which had blocked the villager's blow with a full blow, was blown away by the shock wave.

“Gaold!”

Just as Gangnan was about to approach, Gaold appeared, holding onto the sphere's fist.

"are you okay. This is enough to endure.”

“Tombs of the Gods.”

Arius said.

“This world is just a shell of Ultima. After all, there is nothing stronger than Ymir in Ymir's mind.”

After that, it was a series of battles.

The air press slammed down and the Hand of God struck the villagers with the back of his hand.

'Too many. It can't end like this.'

Louver, who did not take action until fatigue appeared on the faces of the party, said.

“I will.” As he flew up into the sky, he opened his arms to the left and right, and a ring of light appeared in front of his palms.

“Dream Machine.”

There is a condition of being in the mental world, but the dreamer can transform all dreams into objects.

However, as the distance from the REM area increases, the level of objects that can be summoned decreases.

'It's possible if it's a deep level 5.'

The object that Louver summoned at the stage just below the realm of REM was a small wooden box.

“The Firstborn’s Butterfly.”

Although the appearance was ugly, it was a dangerous object that could not even be rated if extracted in reality.

“Wake up from your dream.”

When the box was opened, all the Gaians living in this world began to be released into particles of light.

“What, what?”

The Butterfly of the Firstborn is one of the three dreams that Drimeau's office treats specially.

kind of enlightenment.

If it comes to reality, the effect will be 'momentarily leaving the photon field.'

“Keuuugh!”

As Drimo was shaken by the shock of the summoning, the aftermath hit Louver, the incarnation.

Still, he didn't close the box.

'It's still not enough. little bit more!'

What the firstborn butterfly actually attacks is Ymir's spirit, not the inhabitants.

However, even if it was unconscious, it was unreasonable to give a huge shock because it was at the 5th level.

“Mr Louver! It's dangerous any longer!”

Sirone shouted, but Louver just held on with the box open as if he had already made up his mind.

“Sirone! excuse me!"

Miro pointed to the sky and everyone turned around.

Particles of excited light moved in a dizzying fashion and began to coalesce into a single point in the sky.

A huge voice was heard.

- Deny it.

When everyone crouched down and covered their ears, Louver screamed and fell.

“Aaaaaaa!”

The box closed by itself, ignoring the force of the grip, and the pillar of light struck the ground like an awl.

Woo woo woo!

Sirone looked ahead at the vibration she felt for the first time after entering the 5th level.

"uh?"

Standing there was Mackline Guffin, with steely hair and an intense impression like a beast.

“Guffin?”???

As Sirone muttered, the party turned around.

"what?"

“It’s McLean Guffin.”

Miro studied Guffin's face.

I don't remember, but I found myself with a frighteningly fast heart.

'Does the heart remember?'

“Concentrate.”

Gaold stopped talking.

“He moves.”

As the guffin slowly approached, a miracle stream rose and shot into the sky.

“Hand of God.”

A gigantic hand, on a different level from the one Sirone developed, controlled the entire sky.

continues in the next volume