[269] Theraze's Lineage (2)

Surprisingly, the permission was given easily, but Sirone had expected this situation from the beginning.

Those who have are free. It was the same when the Ogent family risked their lives to relocate the Great Library.

The butlers meticulously sorted books according to the rules, but in reality the nobles didn't even care if the books were lost or not.

Eliza hugged Sirone and repeated what she said over and over again, but no sound remained in Sirone's mind as he was engrossed in thought.

Suddenly, Eliza remembered something and jumped up.

“This is not the time. I can't be dressed like this when I'm eating with my son for the first time. Honey, I'll change my clothes."

“Let it be.”

Elise left Sirone and walked to the dressing room. Then the female attendants lined up and followed her.

Sirone didn't seem to care about clothes when it came to eating. However, just as there is a dress code for aristocratic parties, it seemed that choosing clothes for the royal family was as important as finding their son after 18 years.

After Eliza leaves, only Orkamp and Syrone remain. An awkward silence ensued, in which no words were exchanged. I don't know if I thought about it from the beginning or if I couldn't overcome the awkwardness, but Orkamp spoke to me for the first time.

“Sirone… … did you say?”

"yes. It’s the name my parents gave me.”

Sirone emphasized that his parents built it. There must have been a name Orkamp had given him, but he didn't want to throw away the name Sirone.

"I see. That's a good name.”

Contrary to expectations, Orkamp did not say much.

It occurred to him that there might not have been a name given to him from the beginning. If so, she had already made up her mind to abandon her child while he was still growing inside her mother's womb.

“Do you resent me?”

“I used to resent it when I was younger. But now... … .”

Sirone swallowed the next words. It seemed too rude to say that he was rather fortunate to have been born as Vincent's son.

Orkamp read Sirone's emotions with his unique insight and smiled bitterly.

“I guess not now.”

"that… … .”

"Know. Being a member of the royal family is not a very good place, even if it is glamorous to look at. There are a lot of responsibilities and a lot to give up.”

“It sounds like you gave up on me.”

Orkamp was momentarily taken aback by Sirone's question, but soon returned with a calm expression.

“I’m sorry. I couldn't find you... … .”

Sirone shook her head to block Orkamp's words.

didn't want to hear

No, I really wanted to hear it. But the words that came out of his mouth were not the answers he expected. I was so sure.

"are you okay. You were looking for me even now.”

Orkamp felt Sirone's extraordinaryness. Even though he lived as a commoner for 18 years, he could not find the slightest sign of nervousness in the royal castle of a foreign country. In addition, he was the owner of a firm spirit that carried through his demands even when he faced the king and queen.

'indeed… … Doesn't the blood thin?'

Having concluded that, Orkamp turned to his study to proceed with the next step. Then he suddenly thought that Shirone would be left alone, so he turned around again and asked.

“In 30 minutes it will be meal time. Will you be here?”

Sirone shook her head. If I stayed in this room for one more minute, I would suffocate and die.

"no. I'll be out. Can I take a look at the royal castle?”

This request was pure curiosity without any calculations. It was a great honor for a commoner, even an aristocrat, to be invited to the royal castle. Aside from honor, it was a good opportunity to visit the royal castle, which he had been curious about since he was young.

Orkamp readily agreed.

"then. You can watch anywhere. Because this will be your home now.”

Sirone was thinking of going back to magic school. However, it was premature for him to bring up such a topic at this point, so he just thanked Orkamp for his kindness and left the room.

Sirone walked down the aisle in a fluttering mood. Where should I go first? Armory, bakery, chapel, anywhere was good, but what attracted me the most was the gallery with various art pieces on display.

An elderly official stood at the corner of the hallway, and Sirone approached him to ask for directions. But before he could say anything, the official bowed his head first.

“Sirone-sama, there is someone I want to meet.”

As soon as Sirone heard the official's words, he felt bad. 

Normally, I would have followed without a murmur, but I didn't like this situation because I was tired of the self-righteous and self-centered way of thinking of the royal family.

“Later. I want to be alone now. Her Highness also said that it doesn't matter if we go anywhere until mealtime.”

I don't know the official's job title, but Sirone openly showed dislike. Since he had said everything he had to say even in front of the king, he did not seem to need to notice an official.

However, the unidentified official said with a mean smile that he would have no choice but to follow his words.

"Of course, that's fine too, but wouldn't it be nice to meet?"

Seeing the uneasiness in the official's laugh, Sirone put aside her irritated feelings and regained her composure. She was an outright blackmailer. She was, so she was curious. It wasn't long before it was time to eat. Is there a reason she has to find herself in such a hurry?

“Who is that person?”

A sharp aura passed through the official's eyes.

“This is Terraze Zion. He is the first prince of Kazura. Of course not yet.”

The official emphasized the word 'until now'. It meant that the position of the first prince would pass in the future, but for some reason, it was a nuance that was interpreted in the opposite way.

Sirone became cautious in front of the name Zeon. The target to be most wary of in the royal castle is, of course, the Theraje faction. It was a situation where the central part of the faction requested a contact first.

Even in Sirone's opinion, it was better to meet him as soon as possible and find out what kind of person he was. This is because if you know their tendencies, you can roughly infer how they will move. Perhaps Zion had the same idea, so he sent an official.

“Okay, let’s meet.”

“It's an excellent decision. Please come this way.”

The official took Sirone to the east side of the inner room. 

It was a place where the royal family lived, and although it was smaller than Orkamp's boudoir, it was luxurious enough.

There is a statue of a lion reaching up to the ceiling in the hall that divides the east and west, and four roads extend from there to the north, south, east, and west.

After advancing 20 meters to the east, a golden gate awaited Sirone. An official opened it from the outside, revealing an artificial garden with white marble floors.

Sirone looked inside before entering. 

The garden was beautiful, but it was the best condition for decorating anything. Although the season is winter, palm trees are planted with a southern atmosphere. 

At the table in the center, a brother and sister younger than Sirone were drinking tea, and a sleek black cat and a furry white cat were playing with each other on the floor.

“Zeon-nim, Sirone-nim has been brought here.”

Ji-on watched the cat play, listened to the manager's words, and only slightly raised his head without looking away.

“Ask me to come in.”

When the order was given, the official smiled and gestured to Sirone to enter.

Sirone pulled her chin tight and walked upright. 

If you look down on them from the beginning, all your strategies will be in vain. The sound of an unidentified official closing the door and leaving was strangely depressing.

Sirone walked to the table, ignored her manners, and studied the siblings' faces with intense eyes.

'They are... … .'

Theraze Zion and Theraze Uorin. 

He was the current first prince and princess of Kazura.

They are, of course, Orkamp's children. However, as far as the last name was, he followed his mother, Thera Zeh. The reason is simple. Orkamp was pushed back in the power game of arranged marriage. In the world, this is called Orkamp's humiliation.

Only then did Ji-on turn his head and look up at Sirone. Then, as if Shirone's serious face was funny, he trembled.

"haha! don't be too nervous I won't eat you.”

Sirone doesn't know what Kashan's Empress Theraze looks like. However, if you remove Orkamp's features from Ji-on's face, she seems to be able to get a glimpse of what the Empress looks like.

He was a beautiful boy with cold silver hair, dark double eyelids, and a sharp cat-like chin. With that alone, it was easy to guess that Theraze's beauty was beyond imagination.

Uorin greeted Sirone with a smile.

“Hello, I’m Wu Lin. Are you a magician? I saw it in that magazine.”

A white cat jumped up on Uorin's lap. Sirone couldn't take her eyes off the fourteen-year-old girl who was cuddling her cat and petting her fur.

If Theraze was inferred through Ji-on's appearance, Woorin felt like he was clearly revealing the kind of person Theraze was.

She resembles Theraze even more than Zeon. No, to be precise, it seemed that Orkamp's blood was hardly mixed.

It was a beautiful girl, and beyond that beauty, it was an appearance that felt a certain spiritual mystery.

Sirone had experienced similar feelings before. He never expected to feel again in a human the way he felt when he first saw Ichael in heaven.

Uorin lowered her head and looked up at Sirone with a worried look.

“Why, why do you look like that? Now, in a few days, they will be family, and they say that look in their eyes is burdensome.”

Sirone's face brightened.

“No, I didn’t mean it that way… … .”

Uorin held her stomach and smiled as if she had never done that.

“Ho-ho-ho! Just kidding, kidding! I heard that she is 18 years old, but she is very naive. Don't do that, come this way."

Sirone regained her composure and sat down in the seat Uorin gave her. He almost lost control, but this was the start.

The attendant served tea and a full-fledged conversation continued.

Contrary to the expectation that a fierce psychological warfare would begin, Jion was optimistic about the current situation.

It was possible because he looked down at Sirone.

"If you're not an idiot, you'll know the situation in the castle. The weight of the castle called Theraje. I just called to finish it off cleanly. I don't know what your father was thinking, but you can't be king anyway. So you'd better not walk around with your head upright."

It is safe to say that explicitly urging the first prince candidate to give up is an official launch ticket aiming for the king's seat.

Sirone, who had read history books, knew very well how the bloody bloody battles of the royal family unfolded.

But this time, I was rather grateful for Jion who came out like this. From the beginning, he was not even interested in the kingship.

"don't worry. I'm only here by invitation. I'll be back when this job is over. I have no desire to live here. I have no intention of becoming king.”

"ha ha ha! You speak well. Do sly guys usually stab you in the back of the head after saying that? He's also a mean wizard. Oh! Not even a wizard? An aspiring wizard.”

Uorin scolded Jion.

“Brother, don’t be like that. Sirone's older brother had a difficult childhood. It's really great that a commoner went to a magic school. Besides, he is now evaluated as a great prospect.”

Uorin, on the contrary to Jion, was friendly to Sirone.

However, from Sirone's point of view, it felt more dangerous than Zeon's outright hostility.

Uorin is also Terase's daughter. She had no reason whatsoever for her to be nice to herself.

Uorin said with a pretty smile.

“Sirone oppa still seems wary of us. It's all because of Ji-on. Oh, can I call you brother?”

Sirone was not used to the atmosphere here.

Theraje siblings had opposite tendencies, as if they were going back and forth between heaven and hell. Trying to care about those two people at the same time made my head tangled up.

“Well, it hasn’t been decided yet. Are you still going to do it?”

“Hey, how are you? I'll just call you brother. Because he's older than me. By the way, oppa, are you using magic by any chance?”

"Magic? Uh, anything basic.”

Uorin clapped and liked it.

"wow! exciting! Be sure to show me later! Magic is amazing every time I see it. How can the fire go out of your hand?”

Sirone was increasingly seized with a strange feeling.

There was no sense of strategy in Uorin's attitude. She even thought that maybe she was just a nice, bright girl.

However, if you are a girl from a mountain village, as long as you are the daughter of an empress, if your hair is superior to others, you will be outstanding and not inferior.

Sirone suddenly discovered the common ground between Ji-on and Uorin.

They are not afraid of anything.

Zeon's blatant hostility and Uorin's friendly attitude that didn't fit the situation were all possible because he had the enormous power of TheraJera at his back.

---------------------------------------