God's brain (2)

The ground started to rumble.

"what?"

The guffin's body, which had been scattered by the light, began to return to its original form.

'I lack momentum.'

In order to break through the universe, the thoughts of all Gaians must be integrated.

'Ultima is shaking.' It means that among those who can be linked to Idea, a minority has expressed a different opinion from the whole.

'But why?'

The guffin, glowing in the form of a man, was lost in thought, and immediately found an answer.

“Is it me?”

Guffin's gaze was fiercely aimed at Ikael.

'Because I protected the archangel.' Even though they are the same Gaians, the thoughts of the Guffins who have experienced the end of hell are definitely different.

'I had to carry it through, or inspire it. At this rate, I can't penetrate the universe.'

It is possible to make the allocation rate 100% by expunging user codes with differing opinions.

However, if it was not approved within the integrated thinking, Ultima would rather be broken.

'Lucifer, you've handed over your terrible debt.' He realized why he was satisfied with the promise that he would never harm Ikael.

'It's going to happen like this anyway.' The time to choose has come.

Do you drill through the universe with a 99.8 percent allocation rate, or stop for perfection?

'Ultima is... …

Almost everyone agreed.

"damn!"

As the link of Idea weakened and the signal came in normally, the blue sky spread again.

"ah??????

Kael, who was watching the process of closing the world, asked.

“What happened?”

“As you can see, it failed.”

Ikael closed his lips as Guffin showed his displeasure.

“What was the ringing from a moment ago?” While looking where his colleagues were, Taeseong appeared on the ground.

“Ankera made the decision.”

Argones left humans, but Taeseong, their mother, still couldn't abandon them.

“Gaia.”

Taeseong is approaching.

“Argones. He will annihilate you who turn this world into nothing.”

The ground trembled again, revealing parts of the huge monster body that filled the sky.

“That one?”

Even just looking at the part that came down under the clouds, I could guess that it was in the form of a huge sphere.

“Cell Buster.”

Taeseong said with a sad expression.

“Argones will reset all humans.”

As the monster body split, it differentiated into countless spheres and began to fall toward the ground.

“Sheesh!”

The guffin flailed, followed by Ikael, who climbed high into the sky to watch the situation.

"Unbelievable… …

The gray sphere had a tail dozens of times longer than its size and started attacking the Gaians.

“I refuse!”

As the Ultima system was activated, the anti-cell was blocked by the giant dome defense wall.

The moment the impact was applied, the sphere split in two, doubling in number and mass.

“Stop! It can't be pierced!”

Taeseong came to Ikael's side.

“It will be unstoppable.”

Each time it collided with the defense wall, the anticell continued to increase, eventually covering the entire dome.

“It is a characteristic of biosignals. If the goal is not achieved, the anticell will continue to multiply and fill the universe.”

“Is the universe full?”

Ikael's face hardened.

“To you born in the universe, the biological world may seem insignificant, but the true power of living things lies in their adaptation.”

Taeseong's gaze was directed at the tadpole-like spheres that were digging into the dome little by little.

“Theoretically, Argones can spread biosignals to any universe. Angels are no exception.”

Ikael bared his teeth.

“Angels give birth to creatures? I would rather perish on my own than to suffer such shame.”

“I am talking about special circumstances. sugar

If God can create biosignals, it is possible to plant angelic offspring in human bodies.”

“I am not interested in that.”

Even in the middle of the conversation, Gaiain's defense wall was gradually cracking.

“Is Gaia’s history going to end like this?”

“There is one way.”

Taeseong said.

“Ra, Gaia, and Argones are independently responsible for the universe, nature, and the biological world. Even Ankera cannot activate Cell Buster directly.”

“It means it’s a special situation.”

“Perhaps an act of subversion to the universe. It will be a special measure to contain it. If the Gaians give up their apostasy, I will be able to step forward.”

“But it… …

Ikael did not see it as possible.

“Isn’t that all Gaian has?” Taeseong knows too.

That's why I just kept silent and waited for Guffin's decision.

“There is no end.”

Sweat dripped from the face of the guppin who flew around the outside of the dome and fired photon cannons.

There seemed to be no way to stop the Anticells from multiplying twice no matter what kind of attack they made.

'With the strongest attack... …

As the grinning Guffin raised his arms to the sky, light with mass gathered like the sun.

“Yaaaaa!”

A flash of light that could devour the world scratched past the dome.

“Okay… … !”

The face of Guffin, who had been smiling contemptuously, hardened.

Every time the mass storm passed through the colony of anticells, it grew like a cancer cell.

'Is it unstoppable?'

The size of the colony was large enough to dominate a radius of several tens of kilometers, and the number of individuals seemed to reach the gyeonggi unit.

An astronomical number of anticells moved in an orderly fashion and changed into the shape of Argones' face.

But that's for a while.

He looked at the guffin and raised the corner of his mouth, then dispersed again and poured down the barrier.

A crack formed in the dome, and the anti-cell entered through the gap and hit Gaiain hard.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Guffin looked closely.

The process in which cells devour themselves and disappear as if in reverse evolution.

'I can't resist.'

Even the strongest human beings who have reached Ultima are ultimately living creatures.

Even Gaia was helpless in front of a vessel that contained the spirit and a code that destroyed the body.

'I have to make a quick decision.'

Guppin watched as countless anticells spread all over the world.

I was seriously thinking of exterminating humans.

“Don't give up!” The voice of the elder of Gaia was heard.

“It is our choice! Beyond infinity! Finding the real us is the only way!”

Guffin bit his lip.

I knew that the Gaians would not give up because they had established an integrated mental system.

'I have to stop.'

But Guffin couldn't do that.

'It's something I brought on myself.'

A minor crack that started from the promise with Lucifer drove the situation to this point.

Gaians shouted.

“Freedom! Self!”

The moment when the dark anticells broke through Ultima's defense wall and attacked the Gaians.

“I will surrender.”

Guffin implanted in his head an opinion extremely opposed to the integrative mental system.

Aaaaaaaang!

In an instant, Ultima collapsed and the defense wall disappeared.

"what… … !”

The Gaians were more surprised by the fact that their integrated mental system was broken than by the disappearance right before their eyes.

"omg! omg!"

The Gaiain elder watched as the anticell froze in front of him and did not move.

"why?"

"why?"

In front of Argones' eyes, Taeseong was keeping his eyes open with his arms wide open.

“Stop here. You gave up on apostasy. Are you really going to annihilate those children?”

“It is an order from Ra. Even if it's not dependent, it's a matter of cosmic scale. His judgment takes precedence.”

“What about your judgment?”

“Nothing different. If the universe is destroyed, no life will exist. It's you, every life born in Gaia is precious, but... …

Argones' eyes grew cold.

“I have a mission to maintain the living world. Compared to that mission, one race is a trivial matter.”

“One race?”

Taeseong sighed sadly.

“It's the name you gave me. Gaia.”

“… … It is a sentimental conclusion.”

"no. Maybe this is the mission. You and I exist to make them.”

“Then what about us?”

Taehyung didn't answer.

“Did it just exist to make humans? No, we are gods. At least in this universe. What do you gain by denying it?”

“To know the truth… …

Argones stopped talking.

"truth? What on earth is the truth? Is it the truth to open the lid? Do you really think that's real? What if even that is a lie covered by another lid?”

Perhaps.

“Gaians are just creatures. It's just one of many things we've made. Why should I care?”

“Eventually those kids will find out the truth.” “You know. Foolish, arrogant, and with an evil disposition unmatched... …

A sad smile spread across Taeseong's lips.

“Recognizing what went wrong and moving in the right direction in the end

O”

Humans.

“It is the greatest masterpiece we have ever created.” The reason Taeseong couldn't refute it was because he also watched Gaia's history.

Why is it unexpected?

Why can't it be stabilized differently than other creatures?

"That's why I don't like it."

Among the children of Argones, only humans are different.

Taesung replied.

“On the one hand… … I am proud of you.”

"joy."

The body of Argones, who had been moving away while showing his back, permeated into the ground.

“This is your last chance. No matter who wins the war that will begin, I will be watching.” Being free from Cell Buster was a blessing to the Gaians.

“Whoa.”

After leaving Argones, Taeseong sighed and looked at the sky on the other side.

“Once you get over the hurdle.”

The war between gods and humans was about to begin.

“It disappears.”

The anticells that were filling up the field of view converged in reverse and were rapidly shrinking.

“What happened? why?"

The muttering Elder of Gaia looked around and found the Guffin.

"What's happening!"

Guffin came over and bowed his head.

"sorry."

At that moment, all the Gaians who survived Cell Buster let out a bitter groan.

'Wrong.'

The appearance of the guffin was clearly an independent action that broke away from the overall thinking.

“Is Ultima broken?”

The elder shook his head.

“No, it can't be! What a sacrifice we have reached! Guppin' that, you... … !” The moment the elder shut his mouth, the Gaia people around her spoke as if they understood.

“Anger is not helpful. If we diverge here, we will return to the old humanity.”

A society of conflict where numerous opinions collide.

“I will take responsibility.”

Guffin declared.

“I will not open the Palace for the time being. Then the Ultima system will be perfect again.”

“What are you thinking?”

Looking up at the sky , Guffin exchanged glances with Ikael, who was coldly looking at the ground.

“… … I will fight.”

An era in which gods and humans coexist.

After accepting Omega's information, Sirone realized that this point was a singularity.

'Guppin has left Gaia.' It is not possible to know exactly what happened from the records you read in Babel, but... … .

'One thing is certain.'

It was the fact that the Gaians who remained by the side of mankind until the end were the Guffins.