[14] The first step towards the dream (6)

'That's amazing, Sirone.'

Reina, who rested her chin on her face and looked at Sirone, smiled. With one word of her stern words, she made the adults in this place feel intimidated. In addition, it made Lian's fiery temper even more burning.

In a sense, he may be the most similar personality to his father. Nevertheless, the reason why Sirone shines is probably because it contains sincerity rather than a calculated strategy.

“Puhahaha! This is a masterpiece! I never thought I would be so excited in my later years! After all, youth is the best!”

The maids screamed at the sound of laughter that seemed to leave the mansion. On the other hand, the immediate family members guessed from their voices and looked back with a sigh.

An old man with blue hair was standing on the balcony on the second floor.

Sirone stared blankly. The muscles of the forearm wriggled as if they were going to burst in a huge body that could be said to be the final evolution of Lian.

It was Rihanna's grandfather, Ogent Klumph.

"grandfather!"

Reina stood up with a face that had won thousands of horses. He was struggling to convince the black-haired family head with only himself and Rian. But when it comes to his grandfather, the story is different.

“Are you here, Father? Reina said it would take a few days.”

“Chuck! I came early because my friend ran away wearing a young lady. Anyway, this place is still noisy. Youth is also a good thing.”

“It's not particularly good. Because the face of the family has fallen to the ground.”

“Okay. Everyone seems to have a lot to say since we've been watching from a while ago, but why don't we decide whether it's a loss of face or something after hearing each other's opinions?”

Raina shouted in her heart, 'Grandpa is the best!' Although Clump had already passed on the title of head of household to his son, the position of certified third-class prosecutor was enough to earn the respect of his family.

“Then I will tell you first. I met Sirone for the first time yesterday, but she was a bright and talented child. Also, Sirone had completed all of his contracts as a contract worker, and was supposed to leave the family today. Given these circumstances, it's hard to believe that Sirone harbored a particularly dark heart for Lian, so I don't think he tarnished the family's honor.”

Reina briefly and boldly expressed her opinion and sat down. But the tide did not reverse. I've only just managed to balance the two.

It is said that bonding with blue hair is better than black hair, but Klump, who once held the title of head of household, had a fair personality. He gave Lai, who was clearly an opponent, also a chance to speak.

“Then what do you think of our second grandson?”

Rai replied in a calm tone.

“I hate that kid.”

The butlers began to stir. It was none other than the remarks of the best prospect in the family.

“But I don’t want to bother. It has nothing to do with me.”

Bischoff asked curiously.

“What do you mean? You say you don't like that child and you don't want to care?"

“It is literally. i don't like that kid But just because I don't like it, I don't want to perjure my heart that I don't want to care. I said I don't care because I don't want to care. No matter who Lian is friends with, I just want to finish this matter quickly and go to the palace.”

Reina stuck out her tongue. Although she is her own sister, to the core she was self-centered. But this time, his personality seemed to work in Lian's favor.

Klump giggled like a boy. He enjoyed seeing each member of the family with their own unique personalities. Also, this must have been the strong point of Ogent, who had two bloodlines mixed together.

“Then, lastly, let’s listen to the opinion of the sub-butler who must have watched the boy named Sirone the longest.”

Temuran took a step forward. Lewis glanced away at him. He meant to stand in line. Family members, what can you say? But the most important person to the butler was his employer, Bischoff.

“Sirone has perfectly done what I ordered for 1 year and 6 months.”

Louise's brow furrowed unsightly. You can't do something that can be done with just one word. That's why you can't avoid being a sub-deacon for 10,000 years.

“Did you know that we were friends?”

“I knew that he often went out with the youngest boy, but I didn't know that they were friends. However, in my short opinion, if he had been a child who had no discernment enough to be rash and reckless, he would not have been able to sort through ten thousand books.”

Sirone opened her eyes wide in surprise. She never dreamed that Temuran would think of her that way.

Butler Louis asked with anger.

“So, are you taking Sirone’s side now?”

Temuran bowed his head with a servile smile befitting a seasoned butler.

“No. I was also shocked that Sirone, a contract worker, was dating the youngest boy. I'm just conveying the facts as a sub-deacon.”

With this, it was safe to say that the judgment was over. Only Bischoff insisted on punishing Sirone. He had no choice but to change his mind, no matter how much he was the head of the family, if the family members spoke in unison.

Lian, relaxed, let out a deep breath. Sirone also smiled as he looked back at Lian with a much more relaxed feeling.

But it wasn't all over. 

“I can't admit it.”

It was Klump's final decision.

"father."

"grandfather!"

Bischoff and Lian sang Klump at the same time. But the emotions in his voice were polar opposites.

“I understand that the two of you recognize each other as friends. But that ends here. If the relationship continues, rumors will eventually spread and you may become prey for other nobles. So I think that Lian and Sirone have built up good memories, and I think it’s right to break up at this point.”

Reina felt sorry for her grandfather, but had nothing to refute. Family affairs are obviously important. He saved Shirone's life just by saving it.

Clump met Lian's gaze, which was burning with hostility, with a bright smile. How could he not know the heart of his grandson who would not hurt even if he put it in his eyes, he also had a duty to protect the family's honor. It was proof that no one disputed this judgment.

“Sirone, how are you? Thank you for teaching my immature grandson friendship, but can you let Lian go at this point? It is difficult for nobles and commoners to be friends.”

Sirone, who was staring at the marble floor, said.

“It can't be.”

Bischoff, as well as Raina, Lai, and even Klump, raised their eyes in wonder at the unexpected and bold answer. However, it was Lian who was more flustered than anyone else.

“Sirone… … .”

“If I, a commoner, get in the way of Lian, it's okay that we never meet again. If you still have any doubts, you can kill me. But that doesn't mean you can't consider them friends. Ryan and I are friends.”

Tears flowed from Ryan's eyes. They were tears of shame. In a corner of her mind, there was a thought that she was glad that Shiro did not die. Rather, it was he who lacked trust.

Having finally made up his mind, Lian raised his sword and shouted.

“I will declare it here and now!”

The faces of the family members were engulfed in anxiety. The case was different with Sirone. It was because when Rian was so excited, she always had an unexpected accident.

Anxiety was exactly right. Rian looked back at Sirone. And before he could utter a word, he turned the sword in the opposite direction and plunged it into the floor like lightning.

A long sword that penetrated the marble floor. Sirone stared blankly at his own face reflected in the blade.

At that moment, Lian got down on one knee and bowed her head to Sirone.

“Ogent Lian of the Ogent family will become Sirone’s sword from this time on.”

“What, you idiot!”

Bischoff forgot his body language and got up and pointed his finger. Rian's behavior was so absurd. Even Raina, who had taken Lian's side, looked ridiculous.

“Now you… … Did you take an oath to be a knight?”

knight oath.

Aristocrats receive green salaries for swearing allegiance to the royal family, but if you go back in time, the royal family were just nobles of a certain era. Therefore, the royal authority can be overthrown at any time, and the loyalty of the knights is limited to the green pay and honor bestowed by the royal family.

But knight oaths are different. It was a decision to return himself to a single sword, and it meant that he would become the master's sword that would serve him for the rest of his life.

Nobles who oppose the king are traitors at best. However, knights who violated their knightly oath are not treated as human beings, but are also recorded in history as those who have disgraced the family for generations.

only once in a lifetime. Rian gave such a heavy decision to Sirone at this moment.

Bischoff's stomach churned. Once the knight oath has been made, it is impossible to withdraw it. Even if he did not emphasize the weight of the knight's oath, it was clear that he would be treated as a lesser person in the world the moment he withdrew it.

“Rian, what are you doing?”

Sirone asked in surprise. But Lian couldn't lift her head in regret. For a moment she was shaken. Compared to Shirone, who risked his life to protect the name of his friend, he could only say what he had done.

"how is it? Can't you take it off or beat it now? We will go all the way.”

Compared to Sirone's determination, the knight's oath was insignificant. Lian drew his sword with a satisfied expression and looked around at his family. He had faces he had never seen before. It was like he had a major accident, but he was thrilled nonetheless.

Klump stroked his huge chin, lost in thought. He honestly never thought he would be this immature. Even so, the reason he doesn't feel bad is because he resembles himself. & nbsp;

'Well, if you don't have iron, you have to be at that level. Heck.'

Klump asked solemnly, with his puzzling feelings buried deep inside.

“Lian, seeing you say you want to become a sword means that boy deserves it, right?”

“The garage is full.”

“Then answer me. Is that boy’s greatness the criterion for qualification, or your patheticness?”

Ryan thought. Is Sirone great? Or is he lacking himself? No matter what he judged, he could not satisfy Augent. Why did his grandfather ask this question?

“Black does not judge. I just keep it.”

Clump was satisfied. As Lian said, the sword does not think. It was enough to cut the most sharply in the direction the owner wanted.

“You are good at one word. Swordsmanship is a crappy subject. I feel sorry for your friend who got a sword like you.”

"grandfather!"

Ryan raised his ax eye and shouted. But there was no tension like before. It was partly because she had gone down an irretrievable path, but more than that, everyone was out of energy and didn't want to pay attention.

Clump finished the job as cool as his personality.

"it's okay. end with this Raise up your master, too. Sirone and Lian are swords that have not yet been polished, but they are not swords that will cut the master's instep. Please take good care of our grandson in the future.”

Sirone silently lowered her head. Being humble here was rather damaging to the pride of the Ogent family.

“He is a good friend to me. Thank you for your permission.”

“What did I do that he knew? Anyway, I heard that the contract is over. Wasn’t she supposed to go home?”

"yes. Your parents will be waiting for you.”

“I’ll miss you. However, since the two of them became lifelong friends like this, it would be sad to go back like this. Hey, butler.”

“Yes, old man.”

“Depart the carriage Sirone is supposed to ride now. Bring your parents.”

"All right."

The butler left the mansion as soon as he answered. It was something that left his hands far away.

It was Louis who realized anew that the mindset of aristocrats was completely unpredictable.

---------------------------------------