[78] Dark Uninvited Guest (2)

Sirone thought that Amy was kicking back as a joke.

"Sorry. Are you surprised? I didn't say it to surprise you. How is your senior class?”

Amy showed a look of caution. Then, when Sirone tried to come closer, she hurriedly slapped him on the arm. The two cups of coffee she was holding flew away.

Sirone put on a blank expression. I couldn't see this as a joke. Amy's face was also red as if she was really angry. 

“Who are you doing this to? And while you say you are a senior to Seriel, why are you talking mean things to me?”

Seriel also showed a displeased look, as if this wasn't the case.

“Are you in the advanced class? No matter how interested you are, isn't this kind of approach a little out of place? And you should use respectful words for seniors. What's this? Not even a fly.”

Sirone was dumbfounded. Amy and Seriel were acting as if they didn't know themselves. 

“Seriel-senpai, this is me, Sirone. don't you know me? Amy, do I really not know? Are you kidding me?”

“How do I know you? If you are a student, please study. Annoyingly, can't you tell the time and place? Do I look that easy?”

Amy grabbed Sirone by the collar. I was really annoyed. She thought that by the time she reached her senior year, she would say goodbye to all the troublesome men, and then she would come after her.

'I wanted to be quiet for a while, but it's starting again. This is all because the child is not changing. He hangs out with strange kids and goes around doing nonsense... … .'

Amy muttered inwardly and tilted her head.

'what? the child? Who is that?'

There must have been a certain person involved in the reason why the male students at Chigeundae dropped out, but I couldn't remember.

Caught by the collar, Sirone felt as though her heart had been pierced. There was no intimacy in Amy's eyes.

"no… … This is not it.”

Sirone shook Amy's hand that was holding her by the collar.

"no! Do not lie!"

"ouch."

Amy clenched her wrist and put on a painful expression. However, Sirone shouted as if he hated even that appearance.

“Why are you pretending not to know! what did i do wrong If you don't like it, just say no! If it's like this, I'm offended too!"

"you! go away!"

Seriel pushed Sirone away. Since it was Seriel and no one else, Sirone couldn't even resist and stomped on his butt.

“Why are you bullying my friend? Even for seniors! where is your class Do you really want to get scolded?”

Sirone looked up at her with a face that had lost everything in the world.

'Siriel... … .'

Amy's best friend. She always tops the list with her outstanding skills, but she was a natural girl who would shed tears while watching her romance novels. She remembers Sirone. The way she enthusiastically cheered her on whenever she took on a tough challenge.

But now she was a completely different person. Her eyes were on fire and her pursed lips were tinged with hostility.

Sirone shook her head. He wasn't unbelievable, he didn't want to believe. This could never happen.

"no! It is a lie!"

Sirone slipped to his feet and ran. I felt like I would go crazy if I stayed here even for one second.

“Don't come again! If you mess around like this one more time, I'll tell the teacher!”

Seriel, who made a hand trumpet and shouted, said to Amy, frowning as if she was still angry.

“Ugh, what kind of kids do you have? Her face has a gentle look, but she is very tenacious. oh my, Amy. Are you okay?"

"huh? Oh, it's okay.”

Amy, lost in thought, suddenly came to her senses. But she still felt uneasy. It is because she felt a strange longing for Sirone as she walked away.

“Who are you? Are you acting like you really know me?”

“I guess I just pretended to be crazy and bumped into it. Because there are a lot of kids like that these days. Unsympathetic to try to cross someone.”

"is it?"

"Anyway, I'll go in. Hey, I was going to talk to you for a while, but the break time was over because of the weird kid.”

Even in the same graduating class, they had different majors, so it was difficult to find time to ask each other if they didn't make time.

As Seriel entered the classroom, Amy followed. But she stopped going into the front door and looked back at the place where Shirone had run.

“… … .”

Until the class bell rang, she kept her seat. 

* * *

'Why are you doing that! What could be the reason!'

Sirone ran like crazy. After passing through the steel door and arriving at the advanced class building, the class bell rang and students entered the classroom.

"mark! mark!"

Mark, who was flirting with Maria, turned his head. Sirone ran up to him and asked him.

"mark! do you know me Who am I! Tell me quickly!”

Mark looked back at Maria, embarrassed. But she shrugged her shoulders as if Maria didn't know either.

"excuse me… … who are you?"

Sirone's heart started beating like crazy. He couldn't figure out what the hell had happened to him.

"it's me. It's me.”

“So who are you? I need to talk to know.”

"it's me! It's Sirone! Class Five! I took the test with you too! Do you really not know?”

Mark's expression wrinkled. However, he couldn't argue with the class five and bowed his head politely.

"Ah yes. I'm sorry I didn't know.”

“That's not it! Why are you treating me that way!”

What are you saying to yourself? I wanted to get rid of it according to my nature, but I couldn't because there was attention from others.

“You guys, class started, but you didn’t go in. What are you doing?”

Shiina was walking from the hallway. Sirone ran to her in the mood of meeting her savior & nbsp;

"teacher! It's me, Sirone!”

If it was Shiina-sensei, there was no way she would forget herself. because she is strong She's a certified 6th class wizard. But her return words were cruel.

“Sirone? There is no such student in the advanced class. who are you?"

“Sir, don’t you know me? This is Sirone.”

Shiina looked back at her memories. But she was a name she didn't know, a face she didn't know.

“I think something went wrong. I hadn't heard of a freshman coming. Are you really a student at our school?”

Mark and Maria's eyes changed sharply. Shirone, who suddenly became a suspicious person, suddenly became frightened.

“I’m sorry! I was mistaken!”

“Hey! Stop there!”

Leaving behind Shiina's voice, Shirone desperately ran away. I seemed to know now. what happened

Everyone has forgotten themselves.

“Ugh, black… … .”

I felt like a lost child. he was infinitely weak. I felt afraid of everything in the world.

After entering Eastas, Sirone got lost three times before arriving at the Supernatural Psychic Research Society.

'My friends will be fine. Of course, why not?'

Hadn't we been exchanging jokes just a few hours ago? Even if everyone in the world forgot, they deserved to be remembered.

When I opened the door and entered, Ned and Iruki were chatting. Then, when she saw Sirone, she made a surprised expression. 

“Nade, Iruki, it’s me. I am Sirone.”

My friends just blinked their eyes without answering. As the dam of emotions that had been blocked up until now collapsed, Sirone's face turned into a tear-stain.

“Why are you not talking? do you remember me You haven't forgotten, have you?"

Nade looked back at Iruki. Then he came over to Sirone scratching her head.

"excuse me… … who are you?"

Tears glistened in Sirone's eyes.

“I really don't know? We were together until now. We studied together yesterday and the day before!”

“I’m sorry, but we don’t know you. Did another research society send it to spy on you? Please don't mess around and leave.”

Iruki shouted as if he had suddenly realized.

"for a moment! Maybe that's possible. How did you find the path to Istas? tell me soon! Who the hell are you?”

“You, you… … .”

Sirone's lower lip protruded. I couldn't stop crying now. No, I didn't even want to put up with it. 

"pooh… … .”

Air leaked from Nade's mouth. Then he grabbed his stomach and burst into laughter. 

“Puhahaha! did you see Did you see this expression? This is a complete masterpiece!”

"saw! saw! Totally terrified, you, you… … . Ha ha ha! Sirone, what are you trying to do by making me laugh?”

Nade laughed so much that he grabbed his aching stomach and staggered.

“Uh-huh, uh-huh! Oh, the more I think about it, the more I go crazy! Why the hell would you do this... … Ha ha ha!”

Sirone did not understand the situation. I couldn't even tell if it was real or a dream. 

“What, do you remember me?”

“What nonsense are you talking about? Did you suddenly have a nightmare? Do you know how funny your face is right now? Fuhahaha!”

Sirone's pulse went out of whack. It felt like the boulder on his chest had finally rolled off.

“Ah, sir! Then you don't have to talk! Why the hell did you pretend not to know?"

“When I came in, the expression on my face was so funny that I was joking around. you were like this me, it's me It's Sirone.”

When Nade imitated Sirone, Iruki hit the floor again and fell to his stomach. Shirone, who didn't even have the energy to criticize, sat down and covered her face with her hands.

“Whoa, I thought you were really scared to death.”

“Sit down for a moment. What is it?”

Sitting on the sofa, Sirone enthusiastically confessed the situation from a moment ago. At first, the children, who were foolish, became serious when the topic of Shiina-sensei came out.

“Hmm, you mean you don’t even know Shiina-sensei? There's no way the teacher was playing a joke.”

Nade couldn't believe it at all. 

“Is that really possible?”

“It is possible with spirit-type magic. Of course, it is questionable whether it is possible to manipulate the memories of all students.”

“Because it is possible. I've been through it myself."

Iruki calmed Sirone beating his chest. 

"okay. don't get excited just because it is Anyway, I believe in what you say. It means people have lost their memories of you.”

said Nade.

“But we do remember. Could this passage be a hint for the situation?”

"i think so too. I can only think of one reason why we haven't forgotten Sirone. That you haven't been to school for two days. What the hell happened while we were gone?”

Sirone and the others were lost in thought. While they were gone, someone manipulated the minds of not only the students but also the teachers? It was an assumption that didn't make sense right away.

“Maybe something supernatural has happened? If you look at the examples, there are quite a few similar things historically.”

Iruki was skeptical.

“Well. Although I think that case has to do with magic too. Anyway, if that's the case, how does that explain why we don't lose our memories?" 

“Maybe it was because I was in Estas. We've been here ever since we broke up with Sirone.”

Sirone asked.

“What does that have to do with Estas?”

“It has been rumored that Estas has mystical powers for a long time. Of course, it's a rumor, but I'm trying to do everything I can think of. It has to do with our personal affairs.”

said Iruki.

"That means there's a chance we'll lose our memories too."

“Because I can’t be certain.”

Silence passed. It would be sad that people couldn't remember, but it was also a problem that they lost their memories.

Nade spoke up courageously.

"still… … Would you like to go out and see?”

"Well, it's not something that can be solved by hiding, right?"

Friends were right. However, Sirone, who had already been through terrible things, did not like it.

“Then what if you all forget me too? I might really go crazy by then.”

“Let’s do this. to be marked in advance. Even if you lose your memory, you can avoid the worst.”

---------------------------------------