[348] Divine Transcendence (5)

'A cheeky child... … !'

The rockfish tried the technique. He tried to throw his center off by framing Rihanna's body with his arms. But Lian did the same, swinging his arm to sabotage his technique.

Annoyed, the rockfish pushed Lian away. And she hit her body again. A second headbutt was inflicted. This time, Rihanna also felt dizzy.

When the chance to tackle finally came up, the rocker rushed while hugging Lian's waist. When I put Lian's legs back, his waist opened. It was over when I pressed it like this.

“Keugh!”

Ryan managed to twist his body and get out. He was still not in his sane state. It took time.

However, the rock fish rushed again without giving it a chance to come to its senses. Lian, who had been thwarted twice, instinctively put his head first and countered. His mind flashed, but not as much as the first and second.

The two raised their eyes wide as their foreheads met. Blood was still flowing from his nose.

Rockfish could not control his anger. For him who aspires to become a heavy infantryman, strength is just as important as swordsmanship. Rian's value would have risen just by pushing him to this point, who had no history of losing in wrestling.

'joy. I can't let it go like that.'

The rock fish raised the corners of its mouth and said.

“Can you stand it? but are you okay? It looks like your eyes are open.”

Actually, Lian was hazy. In a confrontation of strength, the speed of breathing must be adjusted to the reaction of the opponent. It was like going under water and betting who could hold their breath the longest. The lack of oxygen made him unconscious even while standing.

“Then, shall we go into folding from now on?”

Ryan gritted his teeth. Did he fight without folding all this time? As if to prove that it was not a lie, enormous power came from the body of the rock fish.

"ha ha ha! Is this too easy?”

Rockfish cooked Lian as he pleased. He picked it up as if playing with a child, then put it down and swung her left and right. When the difference in strength was more than doubled, the technique was useless.

'You didn't think it would end like this, did you?'

The rock fish hugged Lian's chest and lifted it up. When I applied pressure in that state, all the air in my lungs was expelled.

“Huh!”

The feeling of forcibly escaping the air in the body was the height of discomfort, but it was nothing compared to the rock fish technique that followed.

He lifted Lian's arm and entered between the armpits and tried to break the swastika on the lower body while standing.

“I-that… … .”

The cadets looked at them with bewildered expressions. Updominal Stretch. It was a technique called the Cobra Twist.

Of course, the wrestling technique is correct. However, it was difficult to successfully perform a technique on a standing opponent, so it was a technique that was only practiced as a joke unless the difference in skills was large.

And this is exactly what the rockfish was aiming for.

Lian was caught in a technique with his side bent and his arms raised. Even if it looks ridiculous, it's not a posture that can give strength, so once you get caught, you can't move.

“Aww!”

A moan escaped Ryan's mouth. The muscles were stretched to the limit, so even if the rockfish moved just 1 cm, the pain was sent down the spine.

The rockfish turned to the place where the cadets were, as if to see Lian's appearance. Although he was humiliated, he was in a situation where he had no choice but to be dragged away.

"how is it? Shall I break your back like this? ok?"

Every time the rockfish moved slightly, a creaking sound could be heard from Lian's spine. Satisfied, he turned to Tess. I could see him trembling as he bit his lip.

'You said so. You can't ignore me too much.'

He hadn't even thought of taking care of Lian's situation in order to impress Tess. A woman in love is single-minded, so no matter how wonderful a man approaches, she only sees one. In order for her to change her mind, she has to make a mess and then she has to get it out of her sight.

“Why don’t you surrender slowly? Or should we play a little more?”

Ryan didn't answer. His gaze was also watching what the rockfish was looking at.

'Tess... … .'

Tess looked like she was about to burst into tears. she was a righteous person That's why the person she hates the most here is also Tess, not herself.

“Break it.”

"what?"

The rockfish asked with an absurd expression.

“I should have said it clearly. I don't care if you kill me But I will never surrender.”

"ha ha ha! Hey, what are you always so serious about? It's just an evaluation. That there is no need to decide to live or die. Besides, this doesn’t mean that your embarrassment will go away, right?”

Rockyeo led Lian to tour again. The feelings of the cadets came through. Some fear, some anger, some pity. However, he knew that it was the eyes of the weak looking at the strong.

"what?"

At that moment, a strong force came through. Startled as if bitten by a flying insect, the rockfish turned to Lian.

'Do you still have strength?'

It wasn't exactly a dragon face. However, the eyes were cold and dead as if time had stopped.

'Stretch your back. stretch your back Stretch your back.'

Ryan's gaze was directed inward.

When the command to straighten his back was delivered, his side slowly began to rise as if it were a lie.

"haha. Look at this kid?"

Rockeo laughed as if it were not the same, but he could not completely hide his nervous feelings. He subtly draws out his power, but even so, he couldn't stop Lian from moving.

'what is this? What the hell is this?'

The rockfish clenched its teeth and inflated the muscles of its entire body.

“Huhhhh!”

And the moment I felt the reaction, my heart sank. It's not delusion or carelessness. Even though Lian's upper body kept coming up, she really couldn't stop it.

My heart was beating fast and a shudder ran down my spine. Something other than what is called power is lifting Lian. The gigantic movement, as if the whole world was rushing in, aroused fear in him that he had never experienced before.

Quan's eyes watching it forgot to blink. That was it. The mysteries of divine transcendence that can never be understood.

'Nonsense. How is this possible? What the hell is going on?'

Lian wasn't in a position to be strong. Even so, he was completely ignoring the principle of the lever and was working. Therefore, he does not move by force. Some rules of the world are setting him up.

“Hey, hey! for a moment!"

Suddenly, an urgent voice burst out of the rock fish's mouth. No matter how hard I tried, I was constantly being pushed back. As Lian returned to his posture, his body twisted grotesquely. Finally the cobra twist was reversed and his muscles stretched to their limit.

“Aaaaaagh!”

The cadets were stunned by the sight of the victim screaming. Lian did not let go of his anger or ridicule the rock fish. He only thought he had to move his body.

"surrender! lost! Please stop! No waist!”

Ryan didn't stop. Even when Rocker gave a mocking performance, he wasn't upset in the slightest. It's been a long time since I've been able to take a look at the limit of talent.

But that's why the opponent has to risk everything to defeat him. Also, even if all of that was the beating of a person with no talent, he could never forgive himself for offending Tess.

'okay. This is enough.'

Rihanna finally made up her mind. And he pressed down on the rocker's face, which got stuck in his armpit. There was a muffled, twisting sound.

“Aaaaaaaaa!”

The rockfish screamed as if its jaw would fall out. His body was so entangled that he could not fall. As his abdominal muscles were torn, his whole body was drained of strength, and only his jaw was open, limp like a puppet with a thread cut. Slowness leaked out.

Lian grabbed the head of the rock fish caught in his armpit and pushed it away. The rock fish that fell to the floor twisted its body at the second impact. Tears were streaming down her face at how painful she was.

The eyes of the cadets changed in the lengthy silence. In the appearance of the crying rock fish, I couldn't find the flavor of the absolute power that I felt a moment ago.

'Poor child. It's vacation from today, but it looks like you've been recuperating for three months.'

The rockfish put his hands on the ground and raised his upper body. But he collapsed, screaming at the pain he felt again. He barely raised his head and let out an angry sound.

“Don't think this will change anything! It's just that I'm weak! You are not strong!”

I could feel the venom of the rock fish from the way he poured out bad words even to the point of putting himself down.

But Ryan didn't hear anything.

The aftermath of the divine transcendence that forcibly moved his body seemed to tear the muscles of his whole body.

'damn. It was too much.'

Ryan counted 10 seconds inwardly. As the count progressed, the pain began to subside little by little. It was a tremendous recovery ability that was obtained thanks to breaking through the limits without missing a single day.

'I can move now.'

As I opened my ears, I heard the voice of a rock fish.

“How long do you think it will last? I will become stronger! But you are the limit You will live as a loser for the rest of your life!”

“That child… … !”

Tess clenched her fists. If it hadn't been for the evaluation, he would have rushed right away and delivered another blow to his torn stomach.

On the other hand, Lian had a calm expression. Returning to his seat, he slung his training suit over his shoulder. Then he turned and walked towards the exit of the training ground without a word.

“Lee, Lian?”

Tess, as well as the other cadets, looked at Lian with an absurd expression. Quan's cold voice pierced his back.

“Rian. Take a seat. Leaving without permission is a failure.”

“Then let’s fail.”

Lian could not find the difference between last place and failing grade. No matter what performance is shown, the school does not give points to the test that cannot perform the schema.

When Lian left the training ground, the atmosphere cooled. Up until now, not a single cadet had shown any courage against Instructor Quan, so there were already those who wished for Lian's rest.

'Is this the limit after all?'

Quan was neither displeased nor concerned about Lian. He didn't care if the wilds ruined his life, as long as he took responsibility for what he had done.

But today, I didn't feel light. Divine Transcendence was a real power, and Lian could use it.

How long can you last? The day will come when the body will not withstand the force of the will and will be destroyed.

Quan, who wrote a failing grade on Lian's evaluation sheet, put parentheses. And he added the phrase "unauthorized departure."

After the wrestling evaluation, Tess went to see Lian without even having time to wash herself. Just then, Lian opened the door and came out of the dorm. He was so clean that he even took a shower, even though the rest of his stomach would burn to death.

“Rian! What happened? Do you really want to fail?”

Ryan strode past Tess. It looked like he was determined. So she was anxious. It was Lian's personality that once the fire started to spread out of control.

“Please say something. Leaving during evaluation is serious. Last place is not the problem. You know what happens when you get caught by the instructors?”

"doesn't care. Captured or not.”

It's not that I don't understand Lian's feelings of not being rewarded for her efforts, but things were really bad this time. Protest against superiors was unacceptable under any circumstances.

“Rian. Think again. You've held up well so far."

“I’m not doing this because I can’t stand it. I'm sick of it.”

The moment Tess saw Lian's distorted face, she realized that she was serious. But what kind of pointy number does this mean? Everything was going too fast.

The place where Lian arrived was the instructor's office. When I opened the door and entered, Kuan was sorting the evaluation papers. He glanced at Lian as he saluted, then turned his gaze to the desk as if he was not interested.

"what's the matter? When do you go out like that?”

“I came because I have something to tell you.”

"go back. you are failing A cadet who acts as he pleases is not worth evaluating.”

Ryan placed an envelope on the desk. After checking the text on the envelope, Kuan frowned and raised his head. However, Lian said with a calm expression, as if he had already made up his mind.

“This is a resignation letter. I will leave the swordsmanship school.”

(end of volume 14)

---------------------------------------