[393] Highland Capture (2)

Sirone's team decided on a position last night.

Sirone, who has excellent movement, is the forward, and Nade and Iruki are the left and right wingers.

The multi-talented Amy was a linker, and Maya, who had weak attack power, was naturally a guard.

In the Screamer team, the Screamer, the protagonist of Bookmaker's ultimate, was the forward.

Luman (crowd control) and Pony (water power) were the left and right wingers, Suabi (utility) was the linker, and Eider was the guard.

The two teams didn't even look at each other's eyes. Whatever their usual relationship was, now they were just competitors.

From there, the screamer raised his chin and approached Sirone. He was the one who knew the importance of early fights.

“Hey, are you ready? Prepare to be smashed.”

After the survival test, Sirone's stock price jumped even more, and the more excited it was, the more excited Screamer was.

Teams with Maya have the worst balance. Defeating Sirone in this showdown could have cemented her position in the senior class.

"I'll be nervous, there's a hole in the team."

“Aren’t you ashamed that the biggest hole said that?”

To Sirone, Maya was no longer just a senior classmate. She couldn't forgive the screamer for insulting her.

“Geuk, I’ll finish it with a score of 5 to 0. Look forward to it.”

Following the evaluation teacher's call, the six teams moved to the designated battlefield.

Arin, who was following Canis, suddenly remembered something and looked back at the screamer team.

“… … .”

A huge snake arrogantly coiled around.

It was always a grotesque menarche, but today it was worse.

“Canis, wouldn’t it be nice to tell Sirone?”

"it's okay. Sirone is definitely a senior competitor. It's not like he's allied with us."

Arin didn't ask twice. She also had no energy to worry about others as long as she was risking her life and death to occupy the high ground.

Crossing the battlefield threshold, Canis added a word.

“Because I’m not the kind of person who will be taken lightly.”

* * *

Team Sirone and Team Screamer entered the second arena and briefly checked their strategies in their respective camps. If the screamer team thought the most difficult, it was, of course, ataraxia.

“Listen. When Sirone uses the magic circle that defeated Dante, it is always a charge. You just need to stop sirone. The casting time seems to take more than a minute anyway, so we have a chance.”

Pony asked.

“What if it fails? If you come out as the Guardian Force over there, you might get hit the other way, right?”

The Guardian Force is an extreme form of defense in which all members protect the flag, and it was the first tactic that Sirone could choose when casting Ataraxia.

“In that case, retreat unconditionally. Dig a bunker on a hill and hide. With Luman's crowd control, it would be instant.”

Eider said.

“So, in the end, it’s like giving 1 point to start?”

“It doesn’t matter if I give you one point. I even fainted after writing it once. You can't use giant magic every round. On the contrary, we benefit from reducing Sirone’s mental strength.”

Even if the power was strong, if it took 1 minute to cast, the number of ways to respond to it varied. If possible, I would hang up, but if it wasn't possible, it was enough to hide.

"now! 20 points are eaten raw. It's a team that came together for that. Like I said, let’s destroy the first fighter.”

The screamer team put their hands together and shouted “fighting”.

In the meantime, the Sirone team was also finishing its inspection. Iruki called everyone together and spoke in a low voice.

“You will have to use Ataraxia while monitoring the situation. They're going to forfeit the utility to the screamer anyway. We better take the early lead with the Sidewinder.”

The sidewinder was a strategy in which the wingers hit both lines wide and ran, putting pressure on the enemy team trying to concentrate on the center line.

When the announcement voice announcing the start of the first round was heard, the 10 people dispersed to their respective locations through space movement. Of course, if the 2,000th system was activated, space movement was disqualified.

Sirone waited 10 meters from the center line.

The battlefield map was symmetrical and various cover was erected so that the faces of the team members could not be seen. All Sirone could see was a screamer facing him 20 meters in front.

Wearing a tight-fitting tracksuit and warming up, he was moving his feet quickly and slowly relaxing them. His tension could not be found in the calmly relaxing appearance.

'Iruki will bump into Luman and Nade will collide with Pony. Then shall I enter the Iruki line?'

The numbers are equal at 5 to 5, but depending on strategy and tactics, partial 1-to-2 and 1-to-3 compositions will occur nonstop. The key was to lead local warfare to an advantage through selection and concentration.

-10 seconds left until the start of round 1.

The lights on the battlefield came on and the sound of engines could be heard.

The light on the bracelet 2,000 times came on, and the screamer stepped lightly and turned his body diagonally. Then, as I quickly moved my feet back and forth in place, it seemed as if I was floating in the air.

"good! Let's play properly!”

4 seconds. 3 seconds. As the count dropped, the screamer's legs moved faster.

From a distance, it seemed like they were trembling, but Sirone, watching from a distance of 20 meters, fluffed up at the speed of the schema.

Can human legs move that fast? Like a strongly pressed steel spring, it had the momentum to spring out immediately.

“Oohhh! Oooooooo!”

The screamer's limbs shook, his body blurring. At the same time, the 2,000th system was activated, and all power went into the spirit zone.

-Start Round 1 of Hill Occupation.

pop! Puffup! pop! pop!

Colorful fireworks exploded above the screamer's head. 20 types of Suabi's utility magic combat packages, such as muscle strength, agility, nervous system, concentration, and muscle endurance, were being inserted without mercy.

The high-speed force, which can be said to be a utility wizard's long-term ability, made the screamer's movement even faster. The moment his limbs reached the level of being invisible, a ripping groan erupted from his mouth.

“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”

Screamer Martial Arts - Biryonggak.

Stretching out his arms to the left and right as if his shoulders were about to fall off, the screamer flew with his right leg outstretched like a gun barrel.

'Spear to spear?'

A tactic that presses the entire line by attacking the opposing forward.

Seeing the screamer flying like a giant archery weapon, Sirone reflexively cast magic.

'Broad!'

At the same time as the curtain of light pulsed, the screamer's flesh bullet pierced the mass barrier and hit Sirone.

“Keugh!”

Cirone, who covered her chest with both hands, flew over 5 meters and fell to the ground.

Even though he had killed his strength with a wide blow, the impact penetrated his stomach and choked his breath.

'This is the bookmaker's deadly strategy.'

A creature's strength cannot be analyzed by the sum of its numbers.

Just as strength increases and speed increases, each of the 20 buffs coordinated to create a synergistic effect that transcended numerical values.

Puffup! Boom! Pupperpuppung!

Suabi applied consecutive buffs. The average duration of her active buffs is 2 seconds. The key was to rotate 20 species at the correct timing.

Amy stopped Sirone. In spear-to-spear, it was standard for linkers to back up the center line.

“Come on, come on, come on!”

The sight of the screamer flying on the teleport was terrifying. Every time the flash exploded, the posture was different, like a spinning wheel.

“Come! Come!”

The frame of the process was omitted in the action of the screamer who quickly cuts off his fist. Her side kick with her weight on her back knocked her out of her defensive stance.

“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”

The screamer clenched his fists and trembled. His upper body, with his top ripped open, shuddered, exposing small muscles.

As soon as the center line was pierced, the screamer jumped into the high ground without any hesitation. Maya took the offensive, but before he could even cast his spell, he was thrown into the arms of the screamer with his arm bent behind him.

“Hey, let go of this!”

“Cheuk, why? Are you new to these muscles? To be ashamed.”

The screamer grabbed the flag. The Spirit Zone disappeared, but there was no problem in overpowering Maya because of the schema.

As the pole was pulled out, the 2,000 times system went down.

- End of Round 1. Round 2 begins in 5 minutes.

Coming down the hill, the screamer planted a flag at the bottom of the hill and shouted at Team Sirone.

“Hey, isn’t that too easy? How can a guard be so weak that it can properly defend the flag?”

The bookmaker's killer strategy was much stronger than Sirone expected. The skill of the screamer is also excellent, but Suabi was a problem.

A skilled person who can replace 20 types of batteries at high speed. He had a hard time getting her win without cutting her off.

Sirone looked back at Maya. She was the key figure that could be put up as a counter to the bookmaker's deadly strategy.

Maya nodded vigorously. Although the situation with her in the spotlight on the team was burdensome for her, she was the one who would do anything for Shirone.

'I'll do my best, Sirone!'

Round 2 started, and the screamer pushed again spear-to-spear.

As Sirone retreated to the friendly camp, his confidence rose even more. Isn't Sirone of the world also afraid of himself?

"ha ha ha! There is no ambition... … !”

Aaaaaaaaa!

The screamer's steps stumbled. When Maya's sonic magic exploded, it felt like an earthquake had occurred in my head.

“Huh!”

Suabi frowned.

The Rhythm of Death sung by Maya is a magic that breaks the enemy's concentration. However, she couldn't produce such power with her skills that only stayed at the 2nd stage of her main skill.

'Isn't the voice different?'

Contrary to how she had used vocal skills so far, Maya was performing a death rhyme as if singing a song. Although his radius is short, the increase in violence was truly enormous.

The power of a screamer that does not receive a buff has significantly weakened. The Sirone team, which pulled the line in the beginning, defended firmly.

As the confrontation escalated into a melee, the screamers returned to their friendly camp.

Maya's amplifying power is great, but the radius isn't that wide, so I thought of cutting off Sirone from the friendly camp.

“Suabi! buff!"

After crossing the center line, Suabi's buff came back.

As the angle force strengthened, the screamer sprang out with tremendous acceleration.

The back of Sirone, who was breaking through 60 meters behind enemy lines, quickly approached.

“Kyaaaaaa!”

Screamer hit with the Biryongkak and went in.

Amy shouted, twisting her back and spilling the screamer.

“Sirone! back!"

“It's already too late!”

At that moment, Sirone's body glowed pale and spread out in eight directions as if exploding.

Santan movement!

“Gagging!”

The moment a flash of light hit the abdomen, an anti-magic of immense strength came in. It was a shock that even Schema's strength-enhancing build couldn't handle.

bang! bang! bang! bang! bang!

Photon cannons were sprayed all over the battlefield whenever the shotgun movement struck.

It's not just a moving skill. It was a powerful crowd control that tore through the display of the screamer team.

“Keugh!”

Eider managed to avoid the rain of photon cannons. As Amy backed up and cut off the path to her flag, Sirone was able to effortlessly grab onto the pole and pull it out.

-End of Round 2. Round 3 begins in 5 minutes.

At the end of the round, it is standard to leave the flag in its original place, but Sirone carried it and came down the hill. Then, after planting it in front of the screamer's feet, he sneered and returned to the friendly camp through space movement.

“That child… … !”

The shotgun movement, equipped with movement, attack, and crowd control skills at the same time, was magic that was impossible except for Sirone.

'what? Particles of God?'

Are there only gods and no demons in the world of magic? What the hell are you doing without catching a guy like that?

Pony approached, looking at the high ground of Sirone's team.

“Don't get excited. How did it go anyways? Isn’t Maya’s sonic magic too strong?”

The loss of the second round was there. However, he had no idea why he amplified his magic in such a short period of time as a screamer.

Seeing Maya laughing among her colleagues reminded her of the strategy and tactics, and her tantrum flared up even more.

'shit! What the hell did you do? That talentless kid... … .'

The atmosphere of the Sirone team was friendly. It was as if the counter of the bookie's deadly strategy worked properly.

"Maya! it was really cool! You won this round.”

"I just did as I was told... … .”

Iruki's advice to eliminate vocal techniques was right. Since she was a Maya with a natural talent for singing, it was a strategy that abandoned omniscience and greatly strengthened her omnipotence.

Of course, there are limitations to this approach.

The reason why sound wizards learn vocal music is that they are most specialized in handling the voice technically. In the end, fighting only with omnipotence is said to work only at the student level.

However, Maya gladly accepted Iruki's offer.

It was because he wanted to bring victory to those who fought screamers for him.

Sirone's team was not a one-man team.

---------------------------------------