[88] Group (4)

Anyone who has been in the magical world will be able to recognize that Alpheas is a human chosen by God. The problem was that they showed off their talents regardless of time and place.

Once there was an argument, it came to an end, and when the other person made even a minor mistake, he persistently dug into it and drew recognition.

Only Klump knew that there was no malice in Alpheas' actions. It is pure rather than arrogant. Passion is too much and people get tired of it.

In fact, Alpheas was the kind of person who would admit his mistakes without hesitation and congratulate his opponent on his victory.

The problem, however, was that this was rarely the case.

Alpheas walked around the table and mingled with people as if waiting for beer was boring. Clump looked at him worriedly that he might have another accident, but shook his head as if he had no energy to stop it.

“Sarov! Did you come over for a drink in broad daylight?”

Sarov, whom Alpheas welcomed with open arms, was a native of the capital and was one of Alpheas' few rivals. Although he loses in every argument, the prevailing opinion was that he would be the best prospect in the photon series, if not for Alpheas. Of course, Sarov's feelings couldn't be good, but Alfeas approached without hesitation.

"Oh right. Sarov, did you submit your thesis to the royal castle this time? I read it for a while, but it was very interesting.”

"what? Why are you looking at my thesis?”

“Isn’t it obvious? I'm also a photon major, and the royal librarian is my ardent follower. Well done anyway.”

“That, is it? How is it?”

Among the young wizards of the time, the highest value was to work in the Magic Department under the Dragon Lair, with their thesis recognized.

Once the thesis was accepted, there was no more honorable position for a wizard because it covered all the expenses for the research as well as the private laboratory.

Since it was Sarov who submitted his lifelong masterpiece a week ago, he couldn't help but wonder what his rival, Alfeas, had to say.

“You pointed out the characteristics of light well. It was spotless. The part about energy concentration honestly felt like a shot.”

Sarov's expression immediately brightened. However, Alpheas did not just let it pass this time.

“But there was one error. It's the wave nature of light. That is plainly a false theory.”

"What are you talking about? That light is a wave has already been verified through experiments.”

“Yes, but I have a different opinion. If you look at the results of recent experiments, there are too many things that cannot be explained by waves alone. Maybe light is more like a particle.”

"joy! Alpheas, now that I can't do it, are you even bringing up such gossip? Numerous critics have pointed out errors in the particulate experimentation process! If light is a particle, how can we explain a wave? Those two are completely different concepts!”

Whether light is a particle or a wave was the hottest issue in the era in which Alpheas lived. Although the wave theory was popular, a few scholars were constantly raising objections, and Alpheas was one of those people.

“Do you really believe the critics? I also saw the data that found the error in the particulate experiment process. But it's not a scientific approach. Could that be the true error?”

Sarov, who was drunk, hit the table and stood up. I was suffering from insomnia because of my thesis, but Alfeas was fanning the house on fire.

“Okay! Who asked you to rate my thesis? If you're really that confident, why don't you write it down and see it! Have a good laugh at the world with that nonsense logic!”

“I am saying this out of concern. Even if it falls now, shouldn't it be reinforced later? Isn’t it important to realize the facts, not the thesis?”

Sarov couldn't stand it any longer. In the end, what you want to say isn't 'you fell this time'?

"go away! I won't even talk to you from now on!”

Alpheas licked his lips and returned to the table. He didn't look particularly upset because he thought that arguing with a rival in the same major would be beneficial to both sides.

However, Klump was worried about Alpheas.

The first time we met was at Basuka's inn. Clump also came to Seoul from Creas, so the students studying abroad were in harmony, and it had been a year since they went together like that.

To be honest, I had no luck. Even if you look at yourself as a prosecutor, but what about the wizards who are your rivals?

“Alpheas, what kind of chicken are you? If others can’t do it, you can just assume that’s the case. Why are you always trying to fix it?”

“Where are you sleeping as a man? What is wrong must be corrected. That is intelligence.”

“I am Do you know what people call you? Arrogant Alfeas. That's your nickname these days.”

"ha ha ha! is that good? I like it even more than Mirhi's bright, chicken-inducing nickname.”

Magic is a realm of talent, and Alpheas was endowed with talent to overflowing. No matter how hard he tried to hide it, humility was only a pretense to him who thought that talent shines in the end.

“This, too, is the destiny of a genius. now! Don't worry too much, let's have a drink. Hey Raphne. Pay close attention to the snacks. This fellow eats more than bears.”

“Ho-ho-ho! If Alpheas-nim wants it, I'll give it as much as he wants!”

There was plenty of love in the eyes of Raphne, the bar waiter. Judging from the way she behaved, it seemed that this woman was also infatuated with Alfeas. Alfeas' attitude toward all women like his lover made Klump's bones throb.

It wasn't even that I was in a serious relationship. There were also a lot of men who missed opportunities because they were grabbing hold of women by scratching the surface of watermelons. Even if it wasn't limited to magic, Alpheas was a public enemy to the men here.

“Rafne-san now? Rather have a proper relationship. What the hell are you thinking?"

“Huh, as you know, I am everyone’s lover. And it's not even about working. Everything melts in my murderous smile.”

Alpheas touched his chin and smiled. She was definitely a look that women would love madly.

Does laughing like that really work? Klump, who had no connection with women, raised the corner of her mouth as an experiment.

"how is it? If I do this, will I get a killer smile too?”

“Oh, yes! Is that a real killer smile? killer smile. Fuhahaha!”

"wanna die?"

"ha ha ha! It's a joke. Actually, it was pretty close. Make sure to wear that smile at the party later. Because women will fall in love with it.”

"party? Do I have to go there too? I'm not even a wizard."

Tonight, the Bastard family is holding a party with the theme of Young Wizards' Night. Although the family had no special ties to magic, at the time, holding a party under the name of each star was one of the ways to establish the authority of the nobility.

“Is there a way to ask only wizards to come? Everyone from all walks of life will gather, so make some connections. Skills are skills, but connections are also important.”

"It's kind of funny that those words come out of your mouth."

“What can I do? First of all, you have to climb high to spread your meaning. In any case, follow me unconditionally. Do you know if you will find your other half there?”

Clump, who was filled with a desire for the sword, was not interested in personal connections. But at his last words, he couldn't help but flinch.

As Alpheas said, who knows? Will a country prosecutor from the countryside fall in love with a sophisticated city girl?

Clump cleared his throat as if he had suddenly caught a cold.

“Hmmmm! So, where should we go to see?”

* * *

The mansion of Bastard, one of the richest families in the capital, was splendid and splendid as if it crossed the borderline of the law that no noble's building should be more luxurious than the royal castle.

300 crystal chandeliers adorned the hall's ceiling, and marble tables decorated with gold leaf were generously served with delicacies from all over the world.

To the music of the musicians, nobles danced with their partners, while elderly politicians chatted over wine.

"hello? It's called Ogent Klump. Did you come alone?”

“Kyaaak!”

Upon seeing Klump, the woman screamed and ran away. How can I not be surprised when a man who looks like a cow thief is wearing a perverted smile? It was literally a killer smile. Klumph froze as if in shock, and Alfeas burst into laughter as he approached and patted his back.

“Puhahaha! Are you really saying that? Oh, it’s a boat.”

"shit! I'm a fool for believing what you said Anyway, where are you coming from now?”

“Beautiful women talk so much. I came from over there to talk to you.”

Clump looked at the direction Alpheas pointed. City women of sophistication were glancing at Alfeas, blushing at her.

“Damn it. I think the back of you is more handsome than the front of me. Everyone is looking at you.”

"haha! Never mind. Aren't they all like that? Since we're here, let's eat until we're full."

There were many delicacies that could not be seen in the countryside, so it was a car that Klump had been waiting for. Alfeas burst out laughing as he headed to the table thinking that he had to fill his stomach as much as he could without noticing that the women had become a loner. I liked this simple but positive friend. 

While Clump gobbled up the food, Alfeas was struggling to deal with the nobles who came every five minutes. Especially when he personally visited the head of the Bastard family, all the nobles looked at Alfeas.

“Nice to meet you. You are the rising god, Alfeas.”

“I am honored to have recognized you. What a party. Thank you for inviting me to this event.”

“Chuck! It is my pleasure to associate with young intellects. See you often in the future.”

"yes. If you call me, I will gladly attend.”

"okay. Then have fun.”

The conversation was short, but the fact that the head of the Bastard family had more than two words with a wizard who was just starting his social life was a great sign of goodwill.

Alpheas, who turned around in satisfaction, made an absurd expression when he saw Klump frantically stuffing meat into his mouth. It was clear that he was quenching his uncontrollable blood with food.

“Isn’t your chin tired? Where does all that food go?”

Klump munched the meat and pointed at his biceps. Alfeas shook his head and turned around. She felt the stares of many women, but she was bored with him. His lips were purring and he was checking to see if anything interesting was happening when a woman from across the hall caught his eye running between tables.

"huh?"

The first thing that comes to mind is that wizards are definitely not. It was a simple dress, not a gypsy-style outfit, and above all, she refused to wear short hair, a symbol of intelligence, and wore her black hair down to her waist. Seeing them running around with a plate in one hand and a fork in the other, it didn't match the atmosphere of this place that emphasizes formality and dignity.

"what? that person Aren’t you the eldest daughter of the head of household?”

Intrigued by Clump's words, Alfeas did not take his eyes off the woman and asked while slightly turning his head.

“The eldest daughter of the family head?”

“Did you come to the party without knowing that? After all, he's a guy who can't be found polite.”

"I don't know. Okay, so please explain.”

“My name is Bastard Erina. She is 19 years old this year. It can be said that it is the only trouble of the Bastard family.”

“Troublesome? Haha, is it because you have a tomboyish personality?”

"no. A little less intelligent.”

Only then did Alpheas look back at Clump. Perhaps it is true. This bear-like friend I met in Baska wasn't the type to crack jokes.

---------------------------------------