dark clan (1)

The knights escorting Irene couldn't stand it and collapsed on the cold floor.

"What happened?"

Irene asked an absurd question, but even the chief of the peace, Benoff, did not understand the current situation.

'Eye skills? No, it's different from that.' Clear pain appeared on the faces of the knights who seemed to have actually been hit.

“No need to worry. shock to the body

Because there is none.”

If the power of heart had really been activated, their bodies would have been smashed rather than collapsed.

'No matter how weak I thought they were:

Ryan licked his lips.

It is true that they became stronger while crossing the desert, but even taking this into account, the skills of the knights were below the level.

"good."

Irene changed her mind.

“You seem to have quite a bit of skill. Let me escort you. Watch over me for 24 hours from today.”

As Rian said, I don't want to die.

'They said there was a warning letter.'

If the contents are true, when Irene died, it was Lian who felt uncomfortable.

“If you want to be escorted by me, apologize for the rudeness.”

Although she wasn't the type to hold back, she needed to change her attitude in order to escort her properly.

"apologize? Are you apologizing for what I did wrong?”

Ryan turned and walked toward the door, as if he had nothing more to say.

“Al, okay! Got it!”

Even though he has an angular personality, if he changes his attitude quickly, it would be better to call him clever.

"I'm sorry. okay?”

“Tell me exactly what you’re sorry about.” Irene hated it.

“Can’t you be a little cool? This is why I hate them. You keep getting soggy.”

“Would you like some more mud?”

It was a specification to have a deeper relationship anymore.

“I kinda… …

Irene turned her head and said.

“I was treated rudely. Do you really need to hear that?”

Thinking it was okay for a start, Lian nodded and held out his hand.

"good. Did you say there was a warning letter? Show me.”

As Irene took the letter out of her arms, Behnoff came to Lian's side.

You are the next victim.

Lian tilted her head at the short sentence made by cutting out newspaper letters.

“What is this? It looks like the culprit wrote it, right?”

Venoff shook his head.

“The chances of that happening are slim. First of all, a serial killer never sent a murder notice. There's no way you'll suddenly reveal yourself, right?"

“Then it could be a joke. If you are a minister, there will be a lot of static. A political trick... …

Irene stepped out with her hands on her waist.

"no. My dad is not static. 'Cause he's the kind of person that no one can beat. And maybe the warning is true.”

Lian handed over the warning letter and asked.

“Why do you think so?”

“Do you know what the characteristics of the victims have been so far? between the ages of 10 and 20. It's beautiful, it's rich. Most of all, my skin is so good that I don’t have to wear makeup.”

“What do you mean by that?”

Irene pointed at herself as if frustrated.

“It’s me, me! pretty! lots of money! The texture of the flesh is also soft! If a killer has to kill someone, is there anyone else besides me?” It seemed that he was protesting to be killed.

“There is a point in what Lady Irene said. One of the characteristics of the victims is that they do not wear makeup.”

Rian rested her chin on her chin and thought.

“Anyone who is extremely sensitive to smells… …

“It means vampire. Certain chemical components that humans can detoxify are a weakness for them.”

“It could be a strategy to divert attention to the vampires. Then you are thorough.”

"that's right. The problem is that there aren't even eyewitnesses yet. Since we can’t narrow down the investigation, it’s getting more difficult to solve.”

"All right."

The situation was roughly understood.

“Tonight is exactly the seventh day. For now, I will guard this place.”

A look of relief appeared in Irene's eyes.

“Well, then I will ask you a favor. Because the warning note may be fake

It's hard to concentrate.”

"Do not worry. I am enough alone.”

If Macha's knight was guarding it, the Barque family would not have to worry about it for a while.

Venoff said to Irene.

"miss. Please follow Ryan's advice. No matter where you go, you won't be able to find such a talented person.”

“I saw what this man was doing.”

As Benoff licked his lips and left the mansion, Irene showed her true colors and said,

“I’m going shopping right now, so get ready to go out. Please take off those old clothes and wear a tuxedo... … Wow!”

Rian also had her true color, so she went up the stairs with Irene over her shoulder.

“You sound like shopping. Go into your room from now on and don’t even step out.”

"transformation! Touching a woman's body without permission! I will tell Dad everything later!”

“Please.”

It was the first time anyone had ever swung Irene like this, so the butler opened his mouth in a daze.

"What are you doing? Please guide me to your room.”

"Ah yes!"

At Lian's jaw, the butler jumped up the stairs and led her to the room at the end of the hallway.

“It’s Mom!”

Irene, who was buried in the bed, immediately turned around and smiled as she bent one leg.

“Tell me honestly. Are you in a good mood right now? Do you get pleasure from treating a pretty girl like me?”

Rian looked back at the butler.

“Bring all the mirrors in the house. And the knights spread out in the hall, ask me to come to you as soon as you wake up.”

"All right. But the mirror

why… … ?”

"It's preparing for infiltration." Vampires can hide invisibility in a way that dominates human vision.

However, it was the eyes of a creature to the end, and it could not hide its reflection in the mirror.

"All right."

While the butlers brought 30 mirrors to remove blind spots in Irene's room, Lian rearranged the knights' positions.

'What about this... …

I brushed my hands off and looked back at the bed, and Irene was looking at me with a puzzled expression.

“What, do you have something to say?”

“Can I call my friends?”

"no."

As Irene lowered her head sullenly, Lian spoke in a low voice as if admonishing.

“Be patient. It is a matter of life and death.”

“Being alone is scary. If that's really what the killer is after, then I...”

Even if he pretended to be confident, he was still a child.

“So listen. If I'm by your side, you won't die.”

If I died, I would die.

'He's not coming.'

Lian's eyes narrowed when he heard the midnight bell on the first floor of the mansion.

'Is this really a joke?'

"excuse me… … Can't we go to the bathroom?”

As Irene twisted her body and said, Lian pointed to a pot placed in the corner of the room.

“There you are.”

“Are you really a pervert? How can a grown woman do business in a place like that!”

“Then come with me.”

"No! That's never going to happen! It's no small thing, so

peel… …

Ryan sighed.

“So what?”

“I’ll just go for a while. yes?" Looking at Irene's expression, she was sweating, it seemed like something big was about to happen.

"Follow me."

Irene checked again in front of the bathroom.

“Never come close. okay? Wait at the end of the hallway over there.”

“Go in quickly. Aren't you in a hurry?"

When she stomped her feet and closed the door, Lian leaned against the door and sat down.

“......!”

When I heard the sound of seeing something big, I couldn't help but burst into laughter.

'Are all kids these days like that?'

Well, even when Rian was young, the world didn't feel as heavy as it does now.

After a while, the sound of water was heard.

“Whoa, I almost died.”

Maybe because I was nervous, my captain's activity was very active.

'I'm sure he didn't overhear it, right?'

If that was the case, I approached the washbasin, thinking that Sangjong was a human being who should not be stopped.

'I'm going to leave in a little while. It's the freedom of the tide.'

As I was washing my cold sweaty face with water, I looked in the mirror and saw a man standing there.

"huh?"

Irene's eyes widened as she was receiving water again inertia.

'What, what?'

Irene, who didn't have the courage to look in the mirror again, turned her body around quietly and then turned her head.

There was no one.

“Whoa, then that’s right.”

At that moment, Lian's words came to her mind, and she slowly looked back in the mirror in fear again.

A handsome man in a suit was smiling with red lips.

“Uh, uh uh.”

“Shh.”

The man in the mirror put his index finger to his lips.

'Sal, save me!'

In my head, I wanted to scream with all my might, but my breath just wouldn't come out as if my throat was clogged.

The man approached her silently and put his hands on her shoulders, and his cold breath touched the nape of her neck.

'Bite. bite.'

The man's fangs were clearly visible through the mirror.

"mister!"

At the same time as he shouted, the door was smashed and Lian stormed in with a greatsword.

'vampire.'

The bathroom was empty, but in the side mirror a man was turning around.

As he positioned himself and lowered his greatsword, black smoke was pushed to the wall, revealing its true form.

"mister! Boy, keep me... …

"get out."

Because the energy in her voice was different, Irene immediately escaped through the crack in the broken door.

“You can’t miss it!”

As he went outside, his lower body released into black smoke, Lian also spurred the ground and swung his sword.

"flea!"

Enraged at missing their target, the vampire whirled around Lian like a whirlpool.

' fast.'

Among the demons he had dealt with so far, only division commanders or higher had a speed equivalent to this.

'Let's see.'

Lian's sword is the shortest straight line.

'Stop cutting immediately upon detection.' As the sword swung at the speed of a flash, the vampire split in two with a popping sound.

“Big!”

However, the two bodies were released into smoke again and gathered in the center of the corridor.

'Half-soul half-married. It's definitely tricky.' Even so, the fact that he performed incarnation right before his body was split meant that he was at the top among vampires.

“… … Is it Almas?”

The vampire's eyes twitched.

“It must have been a hunter.”

Pureblood vampires have a lineage.

"no. It is a wandering swordsman.”

These are Jinma's Injection Rod, Rod's Injection Almas, and Almas' Injection Besica.

“But how do you know the genealogy of darkness?”

“When you live in the desert, you hear a lot of stories.''

Laika, who was the Minister of Internal Affairs of Radum's sub-racial organization, Spectrum, was also of the Almas class.

“Hong, such an insignificant human… … The vampire moved with an afterimage.

“How dare you discuss Ma!”

All the windows in the hallway were broken, and knife marks and fingernail marks were carved on the walls as if there was no cause.

“That way! Catch the culprit!”

At the end of the hallway, the self-proclaimed Irene's bodyguards were coming up the stairs carrying long swords.

"Do not come!"

Just as there is a saying that ignorance is brave, there was no room for fear because the battle was invisible.

“Where are you! come out!"

As soon as the knights caught in the spirit of resonance swung their swords in the air, the heads of three fell off.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Fearful now, everyone turned their backs and left the handshake going back to Irene.

“Idiots!”

Still, if you were a knight, wouldn't you have to protect your employer, even by dying?

“Got it!”

Huge smoke billowed vertically in Irene's field of vision, and the vampire's face fell like a waterfall.

'Divine transcendence!'

As the wind exploded with a bang, Lian, who had blocked Irene's way before she knew it, swung her sword horizontally.

'Heart sword!'

Cut the heart first.

“Kuaaa!”

The infinite horizon split the vampire.

“Ah, uncle… …

For a moment, the illusion of the world being divided up and down shimmered in Irene's eyes.