[392] Battle Readiness (5)

Sirone did not look back. No matter how much I thought about it, I couldn't figure out why she was doing this.

"Maya."

“Can we have a meeting while eating delicious food? I have wanted to do it for a long time.”

"Maya."

At the second call, Maya turned around.

"huh?"

Sirone shut his mouth.

As soon as our eyes met, it felt like the words in my head were running away in all directions. I can't say anything that isn't clear. The problem was that it wasn't clear.

“If you're fighting the screamers because of us, you don't have to. I think I'm worried these days."

I thought it was cowardly to borrow Iruki's words, but if it was solved with this, there would be no need to argue.

“Ah, no. It's a full evaluation anyway. Rather, I feel sorry for being a burden.”

The moment Maya turned the doorknob and was about to leave, Sirone realized she couldn't stand it any longer.

“Then why are you doing that?”

Despite Sirone's voice rising, Maya wasn't surprised. She just smiled awkwardly and scratched her cheek as usual.

“No matter how much I think about it, I don’t know. Why are you avoiding me these days? I mean, I can feel it.”

"I… … Did you do anything wrong?”

"It's not like that."

“Then why should I be nice to you?”

The steps that were approaching Maya stopped. Her sharp blade seemed to pierce her chest with a hook.

“What do you want from me? What would you like me to do? Do I always have to smile while looking only at you?”

Sirone couldn't figure out why Maya was doing this. If there is any misunderstanding, please clear it up. But this was not a misunderstanding.

“The way you treat me is your freedom, but… … .”

Maya smiled bitterly. Amy's words about dying inside seemed a little understandable. But she had no intention of reversing her reply that day she had told her of her.

“Then Sirone, can you love me?”

Sirone's face hardened.

At the expected reaction, Maya lowered her gaze with sad eyes.

It was the same with her who kept in her heart the wind that blew in the music room that day.

'Sirone, I'm different from Amy. Not cool, not strong. If I can't hold you, every day will be like hell. only you will think If you can't love me, you have to end it here. I just have to let it flow.'

Sirone's trembling eyes gradually subsided. Her face, which had been astonished like a rabbit, became calm.

Maya prepared her heart. Even so, the anticipation that I couldn't help it made my heart beat.

What will Sirone answer?

love you? Actually, did I like you too?

All sorts of exciting words came to her mind, but she already knew the outcome.

Sorry.

I already felt terrible. You won't be able to get out of your hair for a while. You will spend the night in tears.

'But that's it. It ends here.'

Having finished her resolution, Maya raised her head. However, the moment I saw Sirone with a determined look, my heart dropped without a doubt.

“Maya, I… … .”

“Ah, hahahaha!”

Sirone's face turned into an embarrassment. She seemed really funny, even shedding her tears, and Maya came over, wiping the area under her eyes with her index finger.

“Just kidding, kidding! Ugh, naive.”

“Are you kidding?”

“It was like that at the graduation ceremony, and it is like that again. If you keep appearing like this, will it reach Amy?”

Sirone was at a loss. It felt like standing in the middle of an unreal world.

“But you haven’t been talking lately… … .”

“Ah, my head was so complicated that I didn’t have time to think about anything else. I have high expectations at home and my grades keep dropping. Sorry. never in the future! I won’t pretend like I don’t know.”

Sirone's pulse went numb. I felt that I had to organize my thoughts, but Maya didn't give me a second to spare.

"now! let's hurry! I'll wait for Iruki. Occupy the Highlands! Are you sure you will win?”

"huh? Uh, that's how it should be.”

Maya pushed Sirone on the back and left the music room. Her face crossed her threshold, her eyes clenched shut with her molars bitten.

'Haa, I came in and threw it away. What should I do now?'

It felt like crossing the threshold of hell.

* * *

In the mountains northeast of Alpheas Magic School, there is a cave that goes down 20 meters underground.

And if you go through the complex labyrinth again, you will find a golden ring with Fermi as the chairman.

It was a spacious and splendid room that could be considered a mansion.

All kinds of delicacies were cooked on the table, and a waiter in a tuxedo carried wine and filled empty glasses.

In the center, beautiful dancers are dancing, and the performance of seven musicians is laid out calmly.

The number of top-notch employees residing at Geumhwaryun is 40.

Labor costs alone exceeded 700 gold per day, and all of this was a space reserved for 5 members.

Fermi sat on the sofa and enjoyed a glass of wine. On the carpet, a tiger with white fur was sleeping on a leash.

On the four sofas placed on the left and right with him at the center, members of the so-called Fermi Party were sitting.

“Finally, the monthly profit exceeded 7 million gold. Breaking 10 million is also within sight.”

It wasn't a tangible amount at the student level, but Fermi was just plain bored.

The quick-witted members kept their mouths shut. On a day like today when an emergency meeting is called, you will have to cover your words.

“Aryan Sirone… … .”

When Fermi opened fire, the members began to speak prepared words as if they had been waiting.

“Do I need to care? I'll have to step on it someday, but why don't you focus more on business?”

“I think the same. I'm a kid who doesn't know the world. Can’t we just graduate and throw it away?”

You can't tear down a house just to catch a fly.

Nor was there any guarantee that such a thing would not happen, given that Fermi had shown his emotions.

"That's why you shouldn't let it go any further."

“Fermi, aren’t you stressed out? Provocations can be ignored.”

“Provocation can be ignored. But it's a risk. The danger of the continuation of the Golden Ring.”

They followed everything Fermi said, but they couldn't sympathize with the classification of Sirone as a risk factor.

“Of course, Sirone is a great rookie. But you know what? we are pro Not only because of the money, but also because of the skills. I have enough control in the graduation exam.”

Fermi twirled his wine glass with cold eyes.

“Do you know why I can’t make a lot of money? It's because you don't know that the problem you're facing has been going on for a long time. Or even knowing it and ignoring it. A risk today becomes an unmanageable risk in the future. If we don’t prepare from now on, there will be no solution when it comes.”

Members were silent. Again, Fermi is right.

“From now on, Sirone categorizes the Ring of Gold as the highest level of threat. I'll do the analysis right. I heard you’re going against the screamer, what about their teammates?”

Sona's Hercy reported the wiretapping results.

“Screamer, Pony, Luman, Suabi, and Eider. The team was completed yesterday.”

“Hmm, Luman Suabira. It’s a 2-utility, magician’s killer combination.”

As expected, it was a team formed by mobilizing all the networks of screamers. It's surprising that Dorothy was left out, but it's likely that she rejected her. Because she is an incredibly sharp woman.

“As much as your pride is strong, you must want to prove it. It will be completely different from strategy tactics. It's not easy even for Sirone to defeat a team of screamers with Maya.”

If it's not a teamwork-oriented confrontation like the annihilation mission, the bookmaker's deadly strategy is quite powerful.

In the strategic tactics situation, Joe Shirone annihilated more than 300 monsters in 3 minutes and 28 seconds, but Joe Screamer killed more than 150 monsters by himself.

Extremely strengthens one person and causes balance collapse.

This strategy will shine even more in a five-on-five matchup, and Sirone's team must establish a perfect balance to win. In such a situation, Maya's existence could not be poison.

“That is not enough. I'm going to take this opportunity to find out all the strengths of Sirone. It scrapes away even what is hidden inside.”

“What are you going to do? Anyway, the overall evaluation has a high score, so the participants are also doing their best. The screamer team is fully prepared.”

Fermi tapped the sofa a couple of times. A bluish aura shuddered from his body, and black things under his raised hand made a gurgling sound and bounced back and forth quickly.

Transactions in out-of-regulation-depreciation.

Ting! A casino chip spun and bounced with a noise.

Catching the vertically falling chip horizontally, Fermi threw it back at Hercy.

A whirlpool was drawn in the center of the chip, and the border was a pattern of alternating black and white.

"This… … .”

Hersy looked at Fermi in surprise.

It was a fairly rare chip for this kind of use. Even when converted to market value, it was over 400,000 gold.

'You're serious, Fermi.'

Sirone will surely become the main enemy of the future. It was a chip that could never come out without being so sure.

“Take a deal with it. The terms of the contract are that Sirone do his best in occupying the hill. If you scratch it lightly, it will reveal its true color.”

"okay. Anything else to say?”

After thinking for a moment, Fermi's lips parted viciously.

“Don’t think about taking care of yourself and tell them to do it hotly.”

Capture the Highlands (1)

It was the day when the highland occupation evaluation was conducted.

After 30 students gathered at the training ground, the first thing they looked at was the members of the opposing team.

Sirone also confirmed the Screamer team.

Pony is a strategic alliance with the screamer, and Suabi and Luman are key factors in the bookie's deadly strategy. Lastly, it seemed like they had built a solid team by including reliable Eider.

With six teams gathered, the evaluation teacher explained.

“Today is the occupation of the high ground. The opposing team already knows. Six teams compete simultaneously, and there is no time limit. The first team to score 5 points wins, earning 20 points each, and the losing team deducts 20 points. The location of the confrontation is the main battleground for the capture of Hill No. 2,000.”

Sirone inspected the battlefield.

It was rectangular in shape, 200 meters long and 50 meters wide, and surrounded by a glass wall 20 meters high. Inside, on both sides of the camp, a hill 10 meters high was erected, and a flag was planted in the middle.

It was conducted in a round system, and the moment the flag was pulled, the 2,000 rounds ended for a while and the rule was to move on to the next round.

“For the deepening of strategic tactics, space movement is prohibited. Also, the flight height is limited to 20 meters of the barrier, and if you go above that, you will be disqualified. If you touch the flag, you cannot use any magic through its own magic control device. Go back later and don't whine and make sure to remember it.”

Since you are defenseless while holding the flag, you are more likely to be attacked by the enemy.

Therefore, in order to draw the flag, it was important that at least two people occupy the hill and play cooperatively.

The teacher's explanation continued.

Upon entering the arena, the formations of the two teams are divided based on the central 100-meter line, and each team member decides their position and performs their mission from the position they are assigned.

There were four positions: forward, winger, linker and guard.

The forward is a role that starts at the front of the friendly camp, 10 meters from the center line, and rushes toward the opposing team's flag.

The wingers move along the left and right lines, usually starting 20 meters more defensively than the forwards. However, there were many cases where the movement speed was faster because the defense was relatively less attached.

The linker starts at 50 meters from the center line and is responsible for balancing offense and defense.

In other words, depending on the opponent's strategy, you can help one wing or rush with a forward. It was a multi-player that even retreated to the flag and blocked the opponent with a guard.

Finally, a guard guards the flag on the hill. Even if the opposing forward penetrated, he could not cast magic while holding the flag, so it was a defensive position that could be defended.

---------------------------------------