[510] Backwind of Evil (4)

“There is a concept of symmetry to the Akashic Records, which were thought to be whole. concept outside the law. In other words, complete chaos.”

"okay."

The smile on Woorin's lips disappeared.

“Because I didn’t understand the chaos, I initialized everything called.”

When Gando looked at him with a puzzled expression, Uorin walked over to the table and took out the papers.

A thick file folder was placed in front of Gando.

Erase Anchera.

One of the most highly secure secrets in the world, possibly passed down only to Theraze's official successor.

When Gando found it difficult to even look at him, let alone touch his hand, Uorin made a hand gesture and said,

“Read it. Because I have something to help you with.”

“Yes, then… … .”

Gando did not have the ability to accept the contents of a 200-page document in its entirety.

“You only need to read the last three pages.”

As Gando said he was obedient, each letter rushed like a shock wave in Gando's pupils.

My saliva went down and my hands trembled.

“Now this is… … .”

"okay. This is the whole story of Ankera trying to reset the world and erase herself.”

“But doesn’t Ra still exist?”

“That's where the variables came from. As long as Satan is not eliminated, the same result will only be repeated no matter how many times it is reset. Therefore, the point at which the Ankera eradication will be implemented will be after the extinction of Satan. That's why I decided to repeat the world once again, even though I won the final war of Ra.”

Wu Lin continued to explain.

“Even for normal humans, traces of the reset remain, albeit minutely. That's déjà vu. Theraze, as mitochondrial Eve, can almost completely restore that déjà vu.”

“That’s what we call the base case.”

"okay. Based on the analysis of the underlying event, we are currently living in a world after the second reset has been implemented. That is, the halfway point to where the second reset took place, repeating all the same steps.”

Gando imagined an imaginary timeline in his head.

Once reset, the world goes 'off'.

Then, when something amplifies the world and goes back to the point of reset, one cycle is completed.

'Now is the halfway point of that cycle. That said, we still haven't gotten to the point where Ankera did his second reset.'

Perhaps that point is right before the end of the final war.

However, the future is changing with Theraze's invasion.

"As it is, when will the final war take place?"

“The first reset period, that is, the time when the last war occurred in the Guffin Eradication Period, is six months from now. As usual, the archangel named Kariel destroys the space-time of the maze by now, and the maze dies. But as you know, the second reset, Anchera Eradication, is different. Because I added a variable.”

One of those variables was Gando.

The reason why he was created in Mystra's stomach during the era of Ankera Eradication, and the reason why he was raised as a spy in Tormia after leaving his mother's arms since he was born... … .

“To send Gaold to Heaven. By sending him to heaven, you created a different future from Guffin Eradication.”

"okay. After Ra attempted his second reset in anticipation of Satan's annihilation, Thera Ze agonized over this for hundreds of years. Then, my predecessor, Mystra, remembered an incident 20 years ago during the eradication of the Guffin.”

Memories of that time flashed in Uorin's mind.

In order not to let go of the maze, Gaold's hair turned white while forcibly breaking through the camp of the law.

The monstrous screams he had uttered seemed to still be heard vividly in my ears.

“That's when I realized. That's it! If this is a man who can sacrifice everything for Miro, he might bring us a special variable.”

Uorin clicked with her fingers and smiled.

Of course, it wasn't something she experienced.

* * *

The ever-growing face of Satan pierced the sky.

Even the tallest mountain range in Heaven was no more than his shoulder height.

“Oohhhh!”

If mountains move with life and will, how much destruction will this world have to endure?

Satan really felt like he had become a great mountain.

Everything under her eyes looked so insignificant.

Kururrureung!

Every time Satan took a step, the structure of the jebul collapsed like a sand castle.

The presence of Etella, who was now firing a series of hits at 700 meters in the sky, was invisible.

“Huh! Whoa!”

Cold tears flowed from her eyes as she quickly punched her fists while her body was lifted up by external gravity.

helplessness.

He pushed the waves with all his might, but as Satan's body grew bigger, the shockwaves also spread in vain.

'Don't give up! No, I can't give up!'

After being defeated by Arcane, the determination that has grown stronger is that he will never again succumb to the power of evil.

Awesome! Awesome!

After thousands of punches, bones began to break, but she continued to attack.

What is more terrifying than breaking the body is breaking the faith.

“Why, why, why!”

Does evil inexorably grow stronger?

Is this world really a place ruled by evil rather than good?

-If everyone is good... … .

I heard the master's voice.

“There will be no chaos in the world. However, someone is trying to break the silence by using the chaos. The ways of evil are easy, hedonistic, and efficient.”

Ethella, who had been kneeling and listening, raised her head.

a fourteen-year-old child.

She was a young girl with a youthful appearance and wearing large glasses, but her eyes were shining with a holy will of goodness.

“But there is another reason why they choose evil.”

“What is it, Master?”

“Because you look strong.”

At the unexpected words, Ethella blinked.

“Yeah, I don’t understand. But that's because you are truly strong. A strong person is not swayed by evil. It's weak, so I'm looking for another way. So remember, Ethella. If one good can prevent a hundred evils, then good is stronger than evil.”

“Yaaaaaa!”

Thousands Arms Guanyin lightning strike speed increased.

The moment his fists were smashed to the point where they could no longer be used, an evil blow struck Satan's body.

'A thunderbolt field!'

Wow!

Satan's skin rippled and spread like waves.

However, the ripples came back as if time had turned back, and Etella was pushed back with a pop and shock.

"why… … !”

Etela's body fell from a height of hundreds of meters.

“Why eh eh eh eh!”

In front of an unacceptable reality, Etella trembled with a sense of helplessness.

'I'm sorry, Master. I'm not strong.'

Etela's body was accelerating towards the ground at a terrifying speed in the terrible feeling of faith collapsing.

Cheolryunan - Equilibrium.

As air resistance increased enormously, the speed of the fall was significantly reduced.

Sparks flew in Etella's eyes as she fell to the ground with a thud, but the shock was not enough to tear her limbs apart.

'how?'

After waiting for a while without grasping the situation, Sein ran from afar and looked down at Etella.

“Are you okay?”

“Mr. Sein.”

“Sorry for being late. Ingris has business to do.”

Ethella turned around and stood up, supporting the ground with her elbows.

Pain surged from his knuckles belatedly, but it wasn't a situation to care about.

"If it's Ingris, Armin-san will go... … .”

"okay. But the reason we went was not because of the coordinates.”

"we?"

At that moment, Etella looked behind Sein's back.

Arius, who had his eyes closed with a bandage, crawled with his tongue sticking out like a dog, and a woman walked by holding on to the leash that was put on him.

“Mr. Miro.”

“Is that Satan? You look really ugly.”

Miro, who covered the sun with her palm, looked up at Satan with an expression as if she were watching animals at a zoo.

* * *

“Anyway, even the names of good and evil are nothing more than boundaries defined by humans.”

Uorin turned in front of the window.

“It already existed before humans called it evil. what kind of energy Or with the concept of chaos.”

“That chaos materialized is Satan.”

"Yes. Creatures born in the Akashic Records define what is outside the Akashic Records. That's why Anke can't defeat Satan, but humans can. step."

Wu Lin returned to her seat and sat down.

“Only if the power that defines good is stronger than the power that defines evil. Indeed, between good and evil, what do humans define as right?”

“If evil triumphs, there will be no reset and no future for us. Was Gaold the variable that the Queen planned to annihilate Satan?”

Wu Lin shook her head.

“Heaven is not so easy. I made a mistake in terms of unity, but in the end, I was defeated even when the temple's power was fully activated. Of course, Gaold is an excellent wizard. However, he is not an irreplaceable wizard. Gaold is just an opportunity to create a variable. There are other variables that can truly cause ripples in Heaven.”

A person's face appeared in Gando's mind.

"then… … .”

“Adrias Miro. She died in vain during the eradication of Guffin, but I thought that if she was old, I would be able to save her. I was trying to change her future through her.”

“Can she make it?”

“I don’t know. just have to believe But she said if she can't she can't anyone else. Anyway, the maze... … .”

Receiving the halo of sunlight, Uorin smiled.

"Because it's the strongest 'Bannya' that mankind has produced."

* * *

“What did you go to Ingris for?”

Sein gave a short answer to Etella's question.

“To know the will of Ra.”

Early this morning, Sein, who gave each party member their own mission, met Miro again after dismantling the bomb in his head.

Before coming to heaven, to be precise, it was to confirm the identity of the sense of incongruity he felt when he entered the space-time of the labyrinth in Istas of Alpheas Magic School.

When he entered with the expectation of a reunion and realized that there was no maze, Sein sensed a strange twist.

It's a shame that whatever you choose isn't true.

At the time, no one could explain the sensation, but I thought it would be different with the maze.

As expected, Miro sensed something as soon as he heard Sain's words, and he investigated Ingris's Akashic Records.

So at last they realized the true meaning of this war, what current they were being swept up in.

“This is the second reset. Another reset occurred after the erasure of the Guffin, and we are now in that timeline. This is the true identity of the sense of incongruity I felt at Estas.”

Miro added.

“Sein adjusts the physical and emotional factors with the Iron Wheel. That’s why I was able to perceive the subtle errors of this world more clearly than others.”

Sein continued.

“The problem is that the world of the first reset and the current world may be completely different. Why did it have to be Estas? Because in the world of the first reset, our visit to Istas didn't happen. In other words, events that did not exist in the world before are now happening. What it means is... … .”

Miro was told.

“Someone intentionally triggered the incident that sent Gaold to heaven. That is, to free me. Guess it roughly. There aren't that many people who have the ability, power, and brain to calculate this far.”

“It’s Theraje.”

Etela had also heard Theraze's secret from Gaold and others before coming to heaven.

"that's right. He must have been planning everything since Judgment Day of the Twenty. There is only one purpose.”

Miro looked up at Satan who was destroying the world.

“To defeat that monster. Anke Ra gave humans a chance through Reset, and Theraze created that possibility. So, I feel very bad.”

Miro pursed her lips and moved on.

-Miro, stop now... … let's go back

For a brief moment, a man's face passed through her mind, and Miro's eyes widened violently.

“Are these things playing with me?”

---------------------------------------