[536] Last World (4)

The atmosphere in the temple sank heavily.

"Answer me. What have you done to me? What is a slave?”

The archon had no fighting ability, but there were plenty of powerful warriors to protect the power of light.

“Priestess, call the Guardian of Ra.”

The priest waved his hands quickly, grabbed the cords in different places, and connected them in front of his eyes.

Then sparks exploded from the contact point of the code, and his figure disappeared in an instant.

'I can do something like that.'

Soon after, the priest came back, and the door opened with a rattle, and four people entered as quickly as the wind.

“Incarnation of Ra, I follow your orders.”

The archon pointed at Sirone and gave the order.

“Punish the heretic who impersonates the name of God. The language of light never suits a slave.”

Sensing that the guardians' prayers were unusual, Sirone focused her mind on alert.

'They are also different.'

The leaders of the colony were mutants born with a 0.001% chance on the tree of life.

The types of abilities encompassed all biological, mental, and phenomenal categories, and they were those who ruled over the children of the sun with great power.

“You are an ancient. Didn't you reject Ra's baptism?"

Yogi, the only female among the Guardians, approached.

It was a woman with her green hair intricately knotted and attached to her head, with her bangs cut straight above her eyebrows.

“It would be brainwashing, not Ra’s baptism. What are you saying I did wrong?”

“There is only one fault.”

Yoga pointed at Sirone with the palm of her hand and said.

“Your presence.”

Eunkyung Silver.

Her arm turned to silvery metal and shattered with a clank.

"what!"

As metal shards surged like a torrent, Sirone teleported around the outer perimeter of the temple.

“I will go.”

Karof, who was standing next to Yo, loosened his neck left and right.

He was a man of medium height, with a well-balanced physique, the left and right sides of his head neatly shaved, and the top of his hair hanging down long.

“Big!”

Karof's face contorted viciously, and hair began to grow all over his skin.

Finally, it became the face of a ferocious dog and sprang toward Sirone's flash.

“Kwaaaang!”

When the four claws came in, Sirone, who canceled the teleportation, rolled on the floor.

"this… … !”

At the same time as he regained his balance, shards of silver mirror flew in.

'Broad!'

The curtain of light pushed away the fragments of the silver mirror, and Karof was also beaten with dozens of sticks.

'Photon Cannon!'

When Sirone threw the sphere of light as if grabbing it, it hit Karof's stomach as the flash increased.

“Gagging!”

Karof, who had been pushed away, was able to put his lifted legs back on the ground only when he reached the place where he first stood.

Undressed, he knelt down on his knees, puffed out his cheeks and opened his eyes wide.

“Queueex!”

Even in the state of imitation, which boasts strong muscle strength, it could not withstand the shock and blood gushed out.

When the yoga hand sign was made, fragments of the silver mirror piled up on his shoulder and returned to him in the form of an arm.

Using her palms like mirrors to examine her face, she said as she removed the metal from her arms.

"what? You could have avoided it.”

Karof shook his head.

“That's not the problem. the light... … .”

It has physical power.

In the face of an inexplicable fact, the two Guardians who did not go to battle remained silent.

For the children of the sun, light is life.

Even without the doctrine that those who worship Ra will gain eternal life, they were a race that could not survive without light.

“Hmm.”

In this situation, only the priest who managed the doctrine could make a judgment.

'Among the abilities of mutants, those who speak the language of light have existed for generations.'

I don't know why, but I thought it might be because the activities of the tree of life are based on light.

'And at this moment, a new language of light appeared. even to the ancients. Is this a revelation of Ra? or not… … .'

The priest who made the decision bowed his head toward the consul.

“Incarnation of Ra, two suns cannot exist in a colony. It may be embarrassing, but please use the power of the sun to convince the poor children.”

Since things had gotten this far, I had no choice but to ask the people in the colony which of the two lights they would choose.

"good night! When Ra is asleep, I will present the sun!”

The archons were also well aware of the nature of power.

If he retreats from here, all he will be left with is death.

“It’s three hours from now. I will tell the priests to prepare.”

The priest said so and told Sirone.

“Those who caused disturbances in the colony, I will give you one last chance. At the time when the colony is at its darkest, the archon and you will compete with the power of light. If you win, you will become the new leader of the colony, but if you lose, you will have to take your own life.”

“I have no intention of becoming a leader. And I'm not going to kill myself."

“Don’t be arrogant. You are impersonating Ra in strange language, but the strength of the Guardians is not all that you have experienced. If you want to live, you will have to prove yourself with all your might.”

The judgment was left to the people of the colony, but the priest had no doubts that the consul would win.

When everyone left, only the guardians remained and exchanged opinions.

“What do you think, this match?”

In response to Yo's question, Karof said as if he had nothing to think about.

“Of course, the Archon-nim wins.”

“But the light that slave uses is strange.”

"joy! What does it matter? The reason we serve the Archon from generation to generation is because light is life. Light that destroys life is of no use to the colony.”

As Karof turned around, the other Guardians went back to their rooms, and Yoman muttered as he looked at the place where Sirone had left.

“The light that destroys life… … .”

Meanwhile, Sirone was guided by the gatekeeper to a place where she could rest.

The life of the colony, which was roughly grasped, was simple.

The children of the sun didn't do anything, and the ancients were doing most of the chores.

When I got off the floor where the slaves worked and went downstairs, Woodgar and Hamei were sitting in a small room basking in the light.

“What are you doing here?”

Woodgar, who was trembling with an expression of joy, opened his eyes.

"what? are you okay? thank god."

“It is not safe yet. What are you doing here?”

“What? I'm basking in the light in the sacred room. what? But if you are a slave, you should respect it. Seeing as he understands words, it seems that he has also received the grace of Ra.”

"that… … It's just been delayed."

“Hmm, is that so?”

Woodgar ignored it.

It probably had something to do with the consul's solar festival in 3 hours.

“Only one person who has done something blessed can enter the sacred room. Because you can shine the light closest to you. Originally, today was a blessing for Hamei, but he allowed us to share it together.”

“Is it a blessing to be exposed to light?”

Hamei said with an ecstatic expression.

“It is the greatest blessing. When you shoot a strong light from so close, you can feel the tremendous power. It’s the best feeling in the world.”

“It takes a toll on the body if exposed to it for a long time, but the only person who can make this kind of light anyway is the Archon. Slaves are so pitiful. You can’t even feel how good this feels.”

'It's a strong light... … .'

Arriving at the room, Sirone was alone in her thoughts.

He could have run away now, but maybe that was what the archon wanted.

'There is a way. No, I'm not really sure. I'd love to test it out... … .'

At that time, the band of the cord was connected to the front, and the priest appeared.

“… … It's time. I will go up to the top floor.”

When the priest approached Sirone and connected the cord, the scenery changed in an instant and they landed on the roof of the colony.

The Archon was warming up with his upper body muscles twitching, and four Guardians stood side by side.

I looked down and saw hundreds of children of the sun all coming out and looking up at this place.

“You incarnation of Ra! eternal life! An eternal future!”

“Listen, everyone, people of Ra!”

The ground instantly became quiet.

“Those who use the wrong language to take the name of Ra will be punished personally. From now on, I will give you the power of blessing!”

When the priest handed over the two devices connected by optical fiber, the archon held it with both hands and turned to Sirone.

“Keep a close eye on the strength of my might. If you don't shine a stronger light than me, I will cut your neck.”

Sirone checked the device without answering.

Fiber optics were connected to the colony's ceiling, and the trapezoidal handle glowed faintly.

'Is it a device that transmits light?'

The Archon raised the device skyward and unlocked its powers.

“Even in the dark, the sun does not go out! I will prove it through my body!”

As the two fists glowed brightly and the light flowed along the fiber optics, the people erupted in cheers again.

"Wowaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

The glass spheres installed in the colony began to emit light, and eventually the entire structure glowed.

The children of the sun, who were moved by everyone, raised their heads toward the light and prayed.

"la! la! Great la!”

"It's great too."

Karof nodded his head in satisfaction at the banquet of light that dispelled the darkness of the night.

As long as there is an archon, the children of the sun will not perish.

This was the reason why those who had the language of light became archons from generation to generation even without combat skills.

Thinking he had enough skill, the archon let go of the device and the light went out.

Even so, the aftermath of emotion rippled through the night air, and people trembled for a while in the pleasure of light.

“Now, it is your turn.”

The consul laughed as if it were ridiculous and moved away.

'It's enough light to light up the entire colony... … .'

When Sirone appeared, people murmured.

The words were crushed, but the sound wave contained hostility.

'I have no choice but to do it.'

Sirone's eyes widened after concentrating.

“Heretic, hurry up and set up the device… … .”

The face of the priest who approached with the device turned pale.

Above Sirone's head, a small light moved in a trajectory and a huge circle was born.

'Super magic amplification, Ataraxia.'

It was someone's ability that came to mind anew while opening Immortal Function.

As Ataraxia rotated into its completed form, the Archon instinctively sensed a sense of danger and shouted.

“It is a heretical language! Quickly bring out that slave!”

For others, it's just a confrontation to decide the sun, but for those involved, it was a matter of life and death.

“The Archon is right. Eliminate heresy.”

Just as the four guardians were about to jump at the same time, a handful of photons began to gather in Sirone's hands.

"light?"

It was clearly light.

However, it was only enough to light up the surroundings, and even that was getting darker as time passed.

'We need to unify the polarization direction.'

The impatient archon mocked Sirone.

“Is that just how much you impersonated Ra! There is nothing more to see! Hurry up and kill heretics!”

Just when the Guardians were about to jump out again, yoga stopped.

"Wait a minute. that something... … .”

The light, buried in the night and looking like a dot, left Sirone's hand and began to rise upward.

And the moment I passed Ataraxia.

“Ooooooooooo!”

An enormous explosion of photons occurred in the sky.

The strength of the light emitted by the sphere of light, which was much bigger than the colony, was enough to swallow people's figures.

The world of white paper, where one could not see an inch ahead, was filled with the shouts of people beaten by the pleasure of the intense light.

“Aaaaaaa! Aaaaaa!”

Woodgar shed tears as he screamed at the pleasure to the extent that his mind was blown away.

It seemed to be spinning so fast that the blood evaporated, and it was overflowing with energy that seemed like it could explode the body in an instant.

"brother… … brother… … .”

Hamei, who was thrilled with emotion, put his hands together and raised his head in tears.

As the photons escaped, people were then able to confirm the reality of the light that went up to the sky.

“Ah, ah… … .”

"la… … Ra has descended... … .”

The sun rose above Sirone's head.

---------------------------------------