[64] Invisible (4)

However, even the seniors of Class Two were only supporting actors compared to the recognition of the man who had just entered the line.

A handsome man, dressed in ready-to-wear and with his hair neatly brushed back, was leisurely looking up at the sky.

It was Ardino Fermi of Class One.

When Class One, the pinnacle of magic schools, appeared, the atmosphere became solemn. Seriel also realized the seriousness of the situation and whispered.

“Even if we are like that, isn’t it strange that we came all the way to Fermi because we weren’t good enough?”

“I didn’t come because of Sirone. Do you know what the seniors who just arrived have something in common?”

“Um, well? Is it difficult to make friends?”

"That's right. It must be a research society that operates in the shadows. It's like a black magician. Of course, it is on a different level from them.”

"Oh right. I heard that the research society that Sirone joined is also quite notorious. But Fermi is really surprising. I don't know about the other kids, but he's popular, right? Even be kind.”

“That makes me feel worse. It always seems to be up to something. Let's ignore it anyway. Seniors aren’t seniors or anything.”

All 30 seniors were competitors. Each year, 10 graduates leave the school and classes are assigned according to the grades in the graduation exam. Therefore, the current Class One students were those who did not rank in the top 10 in last year's graduation exam.

The reason why they cannot be dismissed simply as dropouts is because they are at the top of the pyramid. In any competition, the higher you go, the smaller the difference in skill. If it is class one, there is almost no difference in superiority or inferiority. The condition of the day, the presence or absence of a strategy, concentration and choice will separate graduation from elimination.

None of the students could ignore Fermi. Rather, I was surprised that the person who is currently at the forefront of the magic school had visited the Class Five presentation.

Fermi's appearance spread quickly by word of mouth, and by the time the presentation time approached, more than enough lines were running after each other to fill all seats.

When the entrance finally opened, students rushed in. The front row was reserved for teachers, and students filled the seats in the order they entered. Amy, who arrived early and waited, sat next to Seriel close to the stage.

“What is this fuss about to show you?”

No matter how you think about it, this level of success was strange. It was extremely rare for class one to come to the presentation of the advanced class. It's not just a presentation. In a tense atmosphere, Amy waited for Sirone to come out. The lights in the hall were turned off.

* * *

A ray of light fell into the darkroom. A spotlight swept all over the stage and illuminated the boy standing in the center.

"Hello everyone. Thank you for coming to the presentation of the Paranormal Psychic Research Society. My name is Nade, and I am the president of the Research Council. Today we would like to introduce you to the human soul. Then, we will start the presentation from now on.”

Applause poured in. About 3 seconds after the spotlight went off, the stage brightened like dawn, revealing a gloomy mountain scene behind the stage.

“The children have prepared a lot.”

Alpheas said with a satisfied expression. In general, presentations are evaluated by teachers, but this time, Alfeas was also a special observer and looked at Sirone's achievements.

On the other hand, Shiina was still not inspired. Replacing the stage setting with an electric curtain rather than an artifact was a great idea, but if the content was poor, no matter how wonderful the technology, it would be a failing grade for a research presentation.

Nade moved to the end of the stage and narrated.

“520 years ago from now. Before Alpheas Magic School was established, this place was a small slash-and-burn village. It was a time when people who lost their country in wars of conquest wandered around. Today, we would like to tell you the story of a woman who came here to a slash-and-burn village to escape the war.”

After the darkness passed and the light came on, Iruki, dressed as a soldier, limped onto the stage.

“Geuuuuuuu! hungry… … hungry… … .”

Laughter erupted from all over the audience.

"haha! What is that?"

“Hey, Rani. What play is this?”

Nade made up for the lacking parts through narration whenever there was no line from Iruki.

The gist was this.

It was the same soldiers who came to the refuge in the war of conquest.

But they were not alive. 

They were hungry spirits who wandered the world, possessed by evil spirits, and then entered the slash-and-burn village after smelling raw flesh.

After showing off the grotesqueness of Preta and Iruki disappeared behind the stage, Nade dressed as the male lead appeared before he knew it.

“Ah, my dear Olia! Why does a noble bloodline like you have to suffer in the middle of a mountain like this? If it is possible, I would like to sell my soul to restore the glory that was once brilliant, but it is a pity that I cannot do that.”

The vocalization and acting were quite good. However, the children who came thinking it was a recital were really confused when they went into a play. Moreover, when Sirone, dressed as a woman, rushed out onto the stage opposite Nade, it was almost fainting.

"Noah! Noah!"

Ha ha ha ha ha!

The students burst into laughter, no matter who they were. Sirone, with her waist-length blonde hair draping around, was truly womanly. Her waist was tied tightly to emphasize her line, and even her chest was visible from what was put under her clothes.

“Ah, Amy.”

Embarrassed Seriel looked back at Amy. As expected, she was watching her play with a rotten smile.

Because Nade, the commentator, participated as an actor, the two conveyed the situation through conversation.

It was a simple plot. 

Noah and Olia were promised a future by the children of aristocratic families, but the family was shattered due to war, and they eventually returned to a slash-and-burn village to continue their love.

“I missed you, Olia. my love. my everything. I love you.”

“I love you too, Noah.”

Sirone and Nade looked at each other and hugged each other. Anyone could have predicted what would happen next.

The highlight of the play is the lover's kiss scene.

Among the countless audiences, the most excited person was definitely Seriel.

“Ji, are you really doing it? huh? really? What can I do?”

Amy swallowed, feeling nervous like never before. She didn't seem to kiss men for real, but if she was a play, she didn't know.

As the tension in the audience increased, Sirone closed his eyes and Nade slowly showed his face.

“Quaaaaaagh!”

Iruki suddenly appeared from behind Nade and bit his neck. As the sound device screamed loudly, the surprised audience screamed. 

No one expected that Iruki would appear. This is because it is impossible to produce such a directing with only the stage setting. Sirone wrote the script aiming for this point. He thought he could scare people with his invisibility cloak. As the tension increased, the audience gradually fell into the play.

After defeating Nade, Iruki pretended to eat his flesh. The sounds of bones crunching, flesh chewing, and screams and screams mingled from the sound system.

"no! Noah! Noah!"

When the soldier who ate the raw flesh disappeared, Olia held the dead Noah in her arms and cried out. Her story spiraled towards tragedy, and Olina, half distraught, uttered her curse words and then took her own life with her own dagger. The students also kept silence in a solemn atmosphere at the sight of a man and a woman who died toward each other.

The dark war passed, and Ned, who returned as a commentator, reappeared on stage. Everyone is waiting for his narration, when suddenly Olia stands up and bursts into insane laughter.

“Knock-knock! won't forgive I will kill them all.”

Before the audience had time to calm down, Olina killed people at will. Then, as he screamed and disappeared off the stage, the story came to an end.

Nade walked to the center and continued his explanation.

“It was six months ago when we discovered this story. It was thanks to an old diary I found while tracing the history of the magic school.”

Nade took out a notebook and held it. A notebook from 520 years ago, buried in the soil. But in fact, it was made hastily a few days ago.

“Our members, well versed in psychic science, immediately launched an investigation. And I had to realize a shocking secret that no one knew. It is the fact that the ghosts of that time still roam this school.”

Dang. Dang. Dang.

A bell started ringing backstage. Students listened to familiar sounds. It was the chime of midnight.

“At midnight every night, hungry demons roam. This must be a sure proof of the existence of the soul.”

The children frowned. It was because he hadn't even seen a suspicious person, let alone a ghost, in all the years he had attended school.

“I bet you have never seen a ghost. Because we did too. According to supernatural psychic science, the soul has properties that are visible only to the eyes of the believer. Because the mental frequency has to match. This is the reason why we decided to hold a presentation. Now that you know the history of the ghosts, your frequency is tuned right in. From today, when the midnight bell rings, you will be able to witness ghosts wandering the Nine Heavens.”

Nade gave one last wink.

“If you're lucky, that is. This concludes the presentation.”

Silence enveloped the hall as Nade said hello and disappeared backstage. There was not even a sound of applause, and the atmosphere was cold.

The students shuddered at the sense of betrayal and despair. It's a classic theatrical performance to say it's a research presentation and do it at best.

"what? was it just a joke? I thought I'd show you something great.”

“We were stupid for expecting it. Honestly, how can you prove a ghost? Totally fooled. Hey, I came here for no reason.”

“It’s at the level of Class Five anyway. Sirone and Irukini talk a lot, but when it comes down to it, there's nothing special about it. hey let's go I just wasted time.”

The mixed voices of the students were heard from here and there. Since they were studying while saving their playtime, it was a waste of time to spend on such a childish presentation.

As the students left one by one, Mark and Maria came back down the procession to greet Amy and Seriel.

“Senior, hello. How are you?"

“Yeah, it’s been a while.”

“How did the seniors see it, this presentation?”

It seems that Mark was also absurd. Especially since he was aware of Sirone's genius, it was all the more difficult to accept today's presentation.

But Amy had nothing to say. She had no excuses, no excuses to pack. All was visible, and the presentation was over.

But Seriel was still on Sirone's side.

“I originally prepared something, but it must have gone awry. or time wasted. maybe something like that Right, Amy?"

"Anyway, it's true that it failed. Anyway, I should have guessed that when I heard she hangs out with the weird ones. Let's go too.”

When Amy left first, Seriel pursed her lips.

“How can you be so indifferent to your lover?”

"haha! That's Amy's charm. Maybe the person who is most upset right now is senior Amy.”

After hearing Mark's words, Seriel's sorrow also went away.

Even after the students left the lecture hall, the teachers were still unable to leave their seats. To be honest, I couldn't even figure out what to write on the evaluation sheet.

'Why did you do this? I'd rather not do anything.'

In particular, the shock received by Shiina was enormous. She held such a prank presentation in the presence of the principal, not anyone else. I was on the verge of not knowing how to deal with this situation. 

---------------------------------------