[214] 5. Angel's Magic Ceremony (4)

Sirone remembered that she had only thought of her own position and turned to Ikael.

“Ah, there… … .”

Ikael shook his head.

"no. You don't have to thank me. It is also my negligence that this happened. I'm sorry that this is the only thing I can help you with. From now on, it's up to Sirone.”

"Thank you. I mean it.”

Sirone expressed his gratitude to Hansako. If it wasn't for Ikael, he would still be sitting on the wall of Jebul and weeping.

Ikael's eyes softened. He was a lovely human being even when he was stubborn.

“Remember, Sirone. As you may already know, there won't be many opportunities to use my abilities. Even if Sirone's mind evolved a step further. Kariel is a prudent angel. Let him use it only when he is sure he can save his friend.”

Sirone nodded and prepared to leave. It was a pity to part with Ikael, but there was no time to delay.

"be careful. I hope you can safely return to the original world.”

"yes. Thank you so much.”

When Sirone left the room and the door closed, Ikael sat down in his seat looking exhausted.

The room left alone was still perfect, but somehow felt lacking.

Sirone was here. Ikael, who was reminiscing about the action play, burst into laughter.

'I'm glad it's Sirone.'

Ikael's asteroid opened into a halo and spun rapidly. Then, a vortex of red light rushed to one side of the room.

“Respond to the call, Ashur.”

Square glass plates appeared in front of Ikael.

The glass plates connected by dozens of intersecting lines shimmered, and gradually, as the color dwelt, the image of Mara was projected.

It was a handsome man with black hair hanging down to his shoulders with three triangles floating above his head.

Kneeling in front of Ikael, he lowered his head and said.

“Ashur. I obey the command of the angel.”

As the boundaries of the glass plates disappeared, Ashur's figure revealed a three-dimensional effect.

“I need your strength. Please help Sirone.”

"All right."

Ashur answered without hesitation. Then Ikael's eyes showed apologetic feelings.

“I’m sorry, I made you do this.”

“I am a being born from Ikael-sama’s concept. I just follow anyone.”

Mara of the highest rank is the direct attendant of the Archangel. Therefore, even if he was the busiest in heaven, he was not an existence that could be called a call because it is not an exaggeration.

In particular, Ashur is an escort knight of Ikael, who is said to be the strongest magic swordsman in heaven. He was not in a position to be running errands, although he had his powers now blocked.

Ashur said bravely.

"Do not worry. If Ikael-nim values ​​it, it is also precious to me. I will risk my existence and carry out my mission without fail.”

"thank you. But Kariel is strong. Moreover, even Ymir, the king of giants, is currently moving in Jebul.”

At the word Ymir, Ashur's eyes shone intensely.

“I don’t know how he is interested in this matter, but you have to be careful. Ymir is one who has attained the ultimate power that any creature can seek. He doesn't do much good in being entangled.”

Ashur's face showed a blatant displeasure. He is the strongest magician in Heaven, but the position of the best warrior in Heaven has always been shared by Ymir and himself.

It is because there are eyes that see the value of Ymir, who has risen to the strongest position only with physical ability.

But Ashur refused to admit it. One day, they would have to compete to see who was the strongest.

"Do not worry. Ymir is no match for me.”

Realizing that he had scratched the warrior's pride, Ikael comforted him with a friendly tone.

“Whoa, I, of course, think Ashur is the strongest. Even if Ymir comes back in perfect condition, if Ashur protects you, you won't be afraid at all.”

Ashur then rose from his seat as if satisfied.

"of course. As long as I am present, no one will be able to lay a finger on Ikael.”

“Oh, and one more thing.”

Ashur turned in front of the door and looked at his respectful master with a tense expression.

There was an unapproachable dignity in Ikael's slightly open eyes.

“If you meet Kariel, be sure to tell him this.”

6. Heaven's Trouble (1)

Sirone came down from the tower and looked around the open area of ​​Arabot.

Gi-rin's memory taught her the way to Jebul. It was quite a distance to go by teleportation.

Upon entering the Spirit Zone, an enormous amount of information flowed in through synesthesia.

"wow… … .”

I know that my concentration has increased. But when I actually encountered it, it was hard to believe.

Even while maintaining the same density as before, the diameter of the spirit zone increased by 1.5 times. In terms of volume, this means that his mental strength has increased by nearly four times.

In other words, it also meant that the burden of casting magic was reduced by four times.

As the spirit zone grew larger than before, I felt free as if a heavy burden had been cast off.

Sirone aimed at Jebul as a target and raised the battery of space movement.

So far, the effect has not been great, but now that the diameter has increased by 25 meters, it can be applied in practice.

If you look at only 25 meters, you may feel that there is not much difference, but if you transform it into a four-way target type, the additional distance will increase to 100 meters.

Even if only 10 times of space movement were connected, it would have an increase of more than 1 kilometer.

'Wait everyone. Just hold on a little longer.'

When I remembered the plight of my friends, I became unbearably anxious. However, Sirone's concentration, which had reached the state of diamond power, did not waver in the slightest.

As omnipotence and omnipotence merged, the noise of light embroidered the sky.

A single flash of light shot up in the direction of the Buddha.

@

Ryan had already been running for 30 minutes. His heart was racing, but the amount of oxygen he took in with each breath was constant. Because if she used up the oxygen all at once, it would spread before she reached her destination.

It was the point when Kanis had produced results in one way or another.

Ryan thought it was one of the two. Either the security device of the Great World War was unlocked or died.

I shook my head to clear my thoughts. It wasn't the time to worry about other people.

If Canis failed, the next person to die was herself.

“Hoo-wook! Whoop!”

He doesn't have the ability to make his body lighter like Tess, but his body, which had been trained all his life, did not get tired even after running for more than an hour.

After running like that, we arrived at the last point connected to the Great World War.

The right side of the corridor was blocked by glass, and the blue sky stretched beyond it.

Jebul was in the form of dozens of plates floating, so this place was the outermost part of a certain plate. So, if you keep running along the outskirts, you should be able to reach the bridge that leads to the Great World War.

As soon as Lian, who had guessed the location, was about to jump again, an object floating on the ceiling caught his attention.

A drone was hurriedly approaching.

The drone is just a machine, but Tess's sense of urgency has been conveyed in the way it moves.

“Tess? Are you all right?”

The drone moved up and down as if nodding its head. So far, it seems that no fatal situation has occurred.

thud. thud. thud. thud.

The sound of the ground shaking was heard from the road Lian had passed. When he turned around, a large man was running towards him, stretching out his legs.

Lian listened to Cigna and Xd.

An unknown enemy. Neither the luminary nor the horns were visible above the head of the running man.

The first thing that came to mind was a giant. 

Although he was too small for a giant, the ground shaking with every step made him guess his power.

'He's like a monster. How much muscle do you have to be able to have that weight?'

The giant's movements were dull. But with every step he took, his body was moving forward.

thud!

The giant stopped in front of Lian by stamping the soles of his feet.

It was a display of power of sorts.

It was impossible without the strength to subdue inertia in one blow.

“What are you?”

Ymir asked. I was asking because I really didn't know.

Since he was holding Cigna and Xd, he must have been a Mecca, but his appearance resembled a Norse.

"What are you saying?"

The giant couldn't understand the words because mental resonance was impossible.

Ymir did the same, but he didn't care. He was measuring the quality of force rather than language.

"Right. It is heresy that you caused a disturbance in heaven.”

When Ymir's body felt fighting spirit, Lian instinctively backed away and raised his sword.

Ymir's heart moved violently when the human who thought he would urinate and run away rather thrust a knife into it. The moment when gazes collided with each other was his favorite moment.

'Good eyes. You've cut quite a bit for a human.'

Ryan pulled his left foot back. Considering the difference in weight, it is difficult to do it by force. The first strategy was to quickly defeat the enemy as soon as it showed a gap.

“Reveal your identity. Enemies or allies? You can't go past this place if you're trying to get in the way."

Ymir couldn't understand Lian's words, but he could read a hundred words in his intense eyes.

'Choose this. But that's my role... … .'

Ymir strode away.

It seemed like an ignorant approach at first glance, but it was the timing that completely cut off Lian's breath.

Lian, who was aiming for a surprise attack, stepped back feeling frustrated.

I felt pleasure in that appearance. 

The battle has already begun. He loved all the emotions that arose from the moment they decided to kill each other.

Ymir approached Lian and said.

“The enemy.”

Ryan's hair stood on end.

The giant's energy rushing in momentarily was like a huge barrier. It was so big that I couldn't see the whole thing.

"shall we start?"

At that moment, the mechanical sound of drones was heard from the ceiling.

"frozen. uh. sun. poison. shall we start?"

Ymir's gaze moved to the ceiling for an instant. And when he lowered his gaze again, Lian had already disappeared.

“Taha!”

Ymir raised his arm to block Cigna from the side. A powerful shockwave erupted, shaking the giant's skin like water trembling in a gale.

But the body did not budge.

Ymir pushed Cigna up with his arm and tilted his face to glare at Lian.

It was the eyes of a snake looking for its prey.

“It is a wonderful surprise. So I'm sorry. If you're a swordsman, you should do this with a sword, too."

At the same time as he spoke, Ymir pushed Cigna away. Then, the left and right sides of her body were reversed, and a powerful hook bent and entered.

Lian held out his XD and crouched down.

As Ymir's fist struck the shield, there was a roar and the hologram of Exed hit Ymir.

But this time, Ymir did not back down. Rather, it was Lian who bounced back.

Rian, who had rolled on the floor, knelt down and centered herself.

The XD on his arm was exposed as if he had been hit by a cannon.

Ymir raised his face over his shoulder and grinned.

“As you can see… … There aren’t many weapons that can withstand my strength.”

“Damn it, embarrassing… … .”

Tess' gaze came through the drone from the ceiling. As she imagined what kind of feeling she would be watching as she waited for her help, her blood boiled even more.

“Goaaaaaa!”

Ryan rushed at full speed.

Irregularly throwing Cigna, he took out the greatsword he was wearing on his back as he flew into the air.

Ymir grabbed the rushing Cigna and crushed them like cookies.

At the same time, Lian lowered his greatsword.

Ymir's fist, holding Cigna, flew.

Lian was startled by the sound of Zeng. He caught the blade of his greatsword with the bone in his fist. It felt like hitting an iron.

Lian flew in the reverse order of swinging his sword. Ymir immediately followed and raised her fist.

“It was fun. I will give you a gift.”

“Huh!”

Lian thrust his greatsword into the ground. Then, using his broadside as a shield, I pressed his shoulders and thighs against him and put all his weight on it.

---------------------------------------