[179] 3. Forest of the Profane (4)

At Lian's point, Sirone clicked with her fingers.

"I see. Let's think about it. Being alive means eating, and when you think about it that way, the food chain in an ecosystem is pyramid-shaped. If we extract only the distribution of predators from there and produce statistics, wouldn’t it be roughly like this?”

Sirone drew a pyramid that was curvy like a woman's body.

It was a form in which a small number of mutant predators were sandwiched between lower predators, intermediate predators, and higher predators.

Since only carnivores were marked, the lowest and middle classes showed equal distribution.

“What is a mutant predator here?”

“Because there are many species of predators that do not hunt for food. Whether it's by using traps, or there may be creatures that feed on intelligence. Kind of like monkeys in our world.”

"Right. Then where is the giant located?”

“Since the gravity is similar and there is air, it won’t deviate too much from biological characteristics. Assuming that, is it about here? Between mesopredators and superpredators.”

“Oh, is the giant a mutant predator? Are you that strong?”

“Well, it could be a top predator. So, there is hope for us too, but is the fighting method too primitive? Even in the case of cats, the hunting method itself is sophisticated. But pulling out a tree and wielding it doesn't seem to help much in hunting. So I classified them as mutant predators.”

Tess tilted her head and asked.

“Could it be a mutation between a lower predator and a mesopredator? Wouldn't that be a problem? That means most of the predators in this forest are stronger than the giants.”

“I don’t think so. Because it seemed to use language. If you have even a little bit of intellect, you can't be lower than a mesopredator.”

said Canis.

"Right. Then you can say that the first giant we met was in the top 30%. Of course, it's not impossible that it belongs to a different distribution.”

“Statistically, yes. Anyway, there won't be many of them. Based on my sensory calculations, the probability of encountering an enemy stronger than a giant seems to be less than 10 percent.”

After sorting out the situation, Amy came to a conclusion.

“Isn’t it okay then? It's not an opponent you won't be able to fight with the 6 of us. No one was hurt.”

Sirone carefully analyzed the situation.

On a positive note, Amy is right. However, it was also true that probability was nothing more than a mirage in matters of life and death.

The fact that less than an hour had passed since I arrived in heaven seemed to make it impossible to turn my steps. It was just an illusion without any probability, but everyone should have known about it anyway.

After all, I still don't want to go back. Even if the danger is greater than now.

“Okay, let’s go up to the wall for now. Because I don’t want to give up here either.”

Just as I was carrying my rucksack and preparing to set off, I heard an explosion in the forest.

Tess' hearing caught the woman's voice.

Anxiety that the situation might be more dangerous than the giant's attack passed by. However, it was said that a woman is truly an intelligent being. The information she could hear from her would be infinite.

After exchanging opinions while looking back at each other, Sirone and the others ran into the forest as if they had promised.

@

keying! Kick! Kick!

The six-legged horse's solitary ear burst into a wild cry.

The monopod, which belongs to crustaceans, was a creature that moved by sticking its six pointed legs into the ground like a triangular pyramid. Its light purple body was surrounded by a carapace, and a large eye was embedded in the center of its face. The long horn on his forehead looked longer and harder than the horn of a unicorn.

“Lena! Drive this way!”

"okay! Watch out, sister!”

Kanya and Lena surrounded Venom Ear from the front and back.

The woman with black hair down to her waist was Kanya, and the big-eyed, pretty child was her sister Lena.

As a race called Mecca, a subject of heaven, they boasted a slim jaw line, small nose, and lips as thin as a crescent moon compared to other races.

Their ages were 17 and 14, but I couldn't tell who was younger just by looking at their faces.

Having subdued the poisonous tail, Lena swung her sword aiming at the blind spot. A sword with numerous lines intersecting at right angles on its blade was highly effective, befitting a weapon made with a complicated assembly method.

When it hit the back of the monopod, a shock wave exploded with a bang, and fragments of the carapace bounced.

The poisonous ear, which had already been attacked for the third time, shrieked and moved aside. In response, Lena also threw her body.

The single eye of the solitary ear has a wide field of view that can see a radius of 330 degrees, but Lena sticks to the only blind spot of 30 degrees and strikes the carapace again.

As the excited monopod turned and charged, this time he held out a kite shield-shaped shield he was wearing on his wrist.

It was a small shield like a toy, but when the horns collided, an illusion of a shield several times larger than that popped out and pushed away the poisonous ear.

The upside-down Sophia Ear struggled on several legs like a scarab. I managed to find my center and stood up, but the shock kept staggering to the right.

Kanya aimed at the arc.

It resembled the shape of a bow, but was made of iron and lacked a bowstring. Instead, there was a handle that could be pulled, and when it was pulled, a red light came out from the tip and end of the bow, aiming at the monopod.

It was a weapon capable of aiming at a target by triangulation.

As long as the zero point is set, the projectile will not miss. Kanya set the red dot where the red light converged on the monopod's face.

The solitary ear, feeling a sense of danger, moved left and right even in the midst of dizziness. Then Kanya also twisted her waist in line with the movement of the single ear.

As Lena disappeared into the blind again, the terrified Venom Ear jumped at Kanya.

Kanya aimed at the one eye of the monopod and let go of the handle. As the wire wound rapidly, a small orb protruded from the center of the arc.

The orb that penetrated the monopod's eye caused an explosion inside. The monopod's body jolted and fell to the ground.

His intestines must have melted, but he was still screaming in horror.

Lena raised her sword in reverse and pierced the gap in the carapace. With a popping sound, the monopod's body rose like fried salt. And she never moved again.

After the battle, Kanya lowered her arc and wiped away her sweat.

“Whoa, it was hard. This time he was a bit tough. yes?"

"huh. Is your sister okay?”

“As you can see, nothing is wrong. But it's strange. Why did the solitary ear appear? There must be a distance from the habitat.”

“Could we have lost our way?”

"No way. Even the drone is pointing in the right direction. Maybe the law of the forest has changed. Let's get out of here quickly.”

“Still, I need to take the Elixir. She might be in it.”

Lena climbed onto the body of the monopod. Her molten intestines were as hot as her porridge as she opened her carapace and thrust her hand into it.

It was a gross feeling, but Lena boldly stuck out her tongue and stirred until she caught something.

Pleasure filled her eyes for a long time.

"uh? there is! Sister, yes!”

A red glowing orb came out of the body of the monopod.

"Hurray! It's the red elixir. Thank you, monopod.”

Seeing her younger brother jumping around, Kanya also smiled happily.

Most of the creatures in Purgatory grow elixirs within their bodies. It is not particularly necessary for the subjects who are protected by the gods, but it was the most important substance in purgatory.

“You were lucky. Now, let's go quickly.”

As soon as she came back as a strict older sister and urged her younger sister, Kanya looked back at a strange energy that sent chills down her spine.

The eyes stuck in the forest flashed to live.

After a while, they appeared as they pounded the rocky ground with their sharp legs.

It was a solitary ear. That's a whopping seven marinas.

“Lena! come here!"

Caña, pulling her sister, took a fighting stance. Still, the question did not leave his mind.

It was impossible for solitaires to appear in groups far from their habitats.

'Sheesh. I was careless. I should have kept checking the drone.'

Although it is called purgatory, it is called the outer hell, but even here the will of God was cast. Of course, since it is a monster without reason, the law works like instinct. In the end, it was that some incident had occurred nearby that would cause a change in instinct.

“Of course now… … !”

The law of the forest rarely changes. And very few subjects ever left heaven and went to purgatory.

The fact that two events with low probability overlapped made her more anxious.

“Sister, what should I do? Too many solitary ears... … .”

One Poison Eagle can be caught by one Mecca. However, for two, more than five Meccans were needed.

According to the law, Mecca's chess was a collective battle based on technical skills.

Although their physical abilities were the weakest among the subjects, they were the ones that even the Kergos and Nords could not ignore when forming a group.

This was the reason Kanya trembled with fear. Even with the Ark, it was impossible to defeat the seven poisonous demons.

What the hell is going on in the forest?

I checked the route for a year to avoid monsters, but everything went to waste.

keying! Kick! Kick!

As the monopods threatened by waving their horns, the sisters put their backs on each other and protected each other's backs.

A poisonous eagle, which was approaching as if looking at the liver, jumped at Lena.

When he held out his mecha shield, Xd, the powerful anti-elastic force bounced off the poisonous ear.

Kanya, who switched places with Lena, hit the arc. As precision aiming was impossible, the projectile struck the monopod's carapace and caused an explosion.

At the same time as the solitary ear rolled on the floor in shock, the remaining ones attacked.

"sister! Hide behind me!”

Lena changed her position again and held out Xd. Every time the horn of the solitary ear touched the shield, there was a thundering sound.

She even wielded the shockwave weapon, Cigna, but it was a monster that was difficult to hit unless attacking from a blind spot.

The time I could endure with XD was gradually decreasing. When the limit of anti-elasticity was exceeded, the shield stopped functioning and became a common toy.

As the seven monopods attacked from all sides, Kanya and Lena hugged each other and closed their eyes.

The pain leading up to death was more fearful than the fear of death.

The monopod inserts its snout into the belly of a living human and sucks out the intestines. Kanya wondered if she should take Lena's Cigna and cut her throat.

As the seven monopods tried to pierce the sisters' bodies with their horns, a light flashed from the sky and a flash came down.

Kanya and Lena saw the boy's back. She was blonde and had a strange outfit that was not seen in this world.

As soon as she landed, Sirone cast a beam of light.

A curtain of light reciprocated between 3 and 5 meters in radius, bouncing off all poisonous ears.

The two women sat down as the floor sank in a circular shape. Even so, her eyes were fixed on Sirone. I had never heard of a man living in the woods of the profane.

"are you okay?"

Sirone smiled and turned his head.

Meeting people in a world where you can't go home even if you run your whole life was a joy that couldn't be compared to homesickness. No matter what the identities of the two women were, they felt that the creepy monster was their enemy and that they were allies.

The appearance of the boy raised Kanya's vigilance. Conversely, Lena, her adolescent girl, had her cheeks flushed.

'handsome. Are you Norse?'

While the two women were dreaming of different statues, Sirone and the others were fiercely fighting against the poisonous demon.

Ryan and Tess took charge of one each.

After completing the match, Lian was quite relieved. He was not an easy opponent, but this level of strength was a monster he had encountered quite a lot in the original world.

Grabbing the monopod's horn and pulling it back with force, the six precarious legs turned over.

Lian thrust a straight sword through his abdomen and anchored him to the ground.

---------------------------------------