[205] 3. Eternal Ra (2)

What is this again? 

From Arabot to here, it was blocked by a barrier, and the distance was long. I don't know what Ikael's eyesight is, but there was no chance that he was looking at this place.

“Don't be so disappointed. Because 'seeing' for angels is different from 'seeing' for humans. There are various perspectives of 'seeing', but among them, 'looking down' is the ability to see what you want to see. In short, angels can see everything if they want to.”

At first glance, the imagination did not go well. 

According to Peope, it meant that if you thought you wanted to see something, you would just watch it.

Even the 100-eyed monster in fairy tales did not bother the prince with such ridiculous abilities.

"It's true. The reason why Ikasa arrived first after Ilhwa's drinking was broken was because he was looking down on Sharmaine. what… … Because you're petty like that, you're still living as a fallen angel.”

Since the fallen angels living in the 2nd heaven are lower than the fairies living in the 4th heaven, Peope criticized Icasa without hesitation.

It was a passage where we could see how far down the abyss an angel with the highest position in heaven can fall when he commits a sin.

“But if you can see what you want to see, it means the angels know everything in the world.”

“Not necessarily. It's difficult to decide what to watch. lets think. If you could look down, would you be able to grasp the whole world?”

"no. It will be difficult.”

Sirone recalled the time when an angel came to Nord's shelter.

Gadlock said: An angel could find this place if he wanted to, but that wouldn't happen.

“Because no one checks their fingerprints every day.”

"what? did you know about that? That's it. Anyway, if Ikael-sama is looking over here, he might be able to respond to my voice.”

Canis was upset. Originally, mages dislike relying on probabilities, but in this case, the degree was too severe.

"It's a slim chance. This could be her fingerprint. Besides, where is the guarantee that she will help us even if she is looking down?”

“There are no guarantees. I came along to give you even the slightest hope. The one waiting for us wherever we go is Archangel Kariel. Do you see what I mean? Even if you die and wake up, you can't win.”

Sirone faced reality. If the person with his friends was an archangel, he had to find a helper of at least the same level to get a chance to escape.

"okay. Let's do it this way. I will trust you.”

Anyway, thinking that the Norse was suspicious, Feope clicked her tongue. Anyway, she saw her own potential and jumped in. & nbsp;

There is no angel who checks fingerprints every day, but if it is Ikael, just in case. I heard that she is benevolent and often looks down on her subjects.

“Then let’s begin. Don't touch me once the conversation starts. Because I don’t want to disrespect the archangel.”

Feope closed her eyes and focused her mind. Her petition spread in concentric circles.

Sirone waited impatiently. However, even after 5 minutes, there was not much change in Peope.

Is it still impossible?

The fear of losing hope of rescuing his friends far outweighed the disappointment of failure.

When the hearts of the party fell into despair, Peope's body trembled.

After a while, hot tears flowed from her closed eyes.

“Ah, Mr. Ikael.”

Sirone looked back at Peope as if her head would break.

It was clear that a conversation had begun with Ikael. I managed to endure all kinds of voices, remembering Peope's request.

Feope and Ikael had a long conversation. He always nodded his head and sometimes answered with a voice out of his mouth.

"all right."

Feope had her eyes closed for a long time with a smile on her face. Unable to get out of her excitement, she suddenly opened her eyes and made a fuss about her.

“Did you hear? did you hear You accepted my conversation! my conversation!”

“Of course I didn’t hear. What did you say?”

“Ah, Ikael-sama… … You looked down on me!”

Seeing Peope looking up at the sky with wet eyes, Sirone couldn't dare to ask. He allowed his emotions to explode until he felt like it before he could get his words out.

“So, they say you freed your friends?”

Feope suddenly came to her senses. He was distracted by the fact that he had a conversation with the archangel and forgot the most important information.

Peope's expression became a little sullen.

"no. Master Ichael said that because he had sinned, he couldn't even step out of the room.”

"what? Did you fail in the end?”

Peope made an effort to put on a bright expression.

“But they said they would help us. You should be able to get into Arabot. However, there is one condition... … .”

Canis, who had reached the limit of her patience, shot at Feope, who had reached the limit of her patience, at Peope, who was trying to speak but looked at Sirone and the others.

"what? I'm running out of time, so tell me quickly."

“Sirone… … He said he wanted to meet only the boy named. By the way, who is Sirone?”

Canis and Lian turned to Sirone.

Peope doesn't know anyone's name yet. This is because, as long as he knew that his name was the key to controlling his lifespan, he thoroughly concealed his name.

When the gazes of the two pointed to one person, Peope widened her eyes as if in surprise.

'The name must have been Sirone.'

Until just a moment ago, in Feope's eyes, Sirone was just an aggregation of countless concepts.

It was a vague and abstract feeling, like an impenetrable fog.

But now it was different.

Sirone.

The moment he recalled the three syllables, Sirone's actions, thoughts, and emotions were integrated into his mind.

“Sirone only? Any special reason?”

“I don’t know. I wanted to ask, but for some reason I don't feel like revealing it.”

Kanis thought it was better. To make good use of his limited time, it was more efficient to focus on individual duties rather than traveling in groups.

“Then Sirone goes to see Ikael. After all, it seems that she will not be able to escape without her help.”

“What are you guys going to do?”

“We are going to Jebul. From the 7th thousand to the 6th thousand it will be a free pass. I'll go to where Amy is first. If it's necessary, I might be able to take my time."

It was the best strategy available in the current situation.

When the agreement was over, Sirone looked back at Feope. He meant to let him into the ara boat.

But even Peope didn't know how. 

Embarrassed, the moment she stuttered and tried to think of an excuse, the surroundings were bathed in bright light.

Feope was thrilled and clasped her hands.

"iced coffee… … Ikael.”

A huge light swallowed Sirone and the others. 

There was nothing left in the place where the light sucked toward the point had disappeared.

@

Seventh Thousand Araboth.

Sirone looked around with a trembling heart. He has arrived in the most sacred place in Heaven.

The top of the spire was obscured by clouds. Peope said that Ankera was staying at the far end.

Her voice as she explained was also trembling.

“To come to the place where the constellation of God is. I have never had such a glorious day in my life.”

“So, you only lived a year, didn’t you?”

Feope glanced at Canis.

“It doesn’t matter if it’s one year or 100 years. This is not a place where you can come because you have lived for a long time.”

“But isn’t it too quiet for that? They say God lives there and there are no guards.”

"huh? What does that mean?”

“No, even though the existence of God lives, no one is protecting it.”

Feope suddenly stopped and looked at Canis with a blank expression. It was as if he had heard that 1 plus 1 is a window.

“Are you serious? Ra is protecting us. How do we keep God?”

Sirone realized it belatedly and nodded. 

"ah. I see."

Ra is not a king in the human world. 

If he was a pan-cosmic absolute, even for someone to protect him would be demeaning.

Arriving at the spire of Arabot, Sirone and the others prepared to part for their respective missions.

Ikael wanted to meet with Sirone alone. Since the Archangel's help was essential to recover Amy's group, Lian and Canis were not dissatisfied with the discrimination.

Feope, who had the mission of guiding Sirone to Ikael's room, passed on the memories she got from Girin to Canis and Lian.

A rough map of jebul was engraved in their heads.

“Where the women are is probably the Great World War in the far east. It’s where Kariel-sama lives.”

Canis traced Lee Gi-rin's memories and found the location of the Great World War. It was a long distance even by teleportation. But the real problem wasn't the distance.

“What you need to know is that no one can enter the Great World War. It is the place that governs the movement of the world, so it is surrounded by the highest level of security.”

“What if it’s a security device? Are there any obstacles?”

“At that level, it’s nonsense. In a word, there will be no great world war.”

“Please don’t be offended and explain so I can understand.”

“Some technologies in the Mecca system can change the information of a specific space. In other words, it was sent to another dimension. In order to enter the great world war, the mecha system must first be shut down.”

“How do I block them?”

“If you look at Jebul's map, there's a portal to Ingris. It is a place that controls all information in Heaven, and the Mecha system can be blocked from there.”

"what? Ingris?”

It was the place I heard about when I made a contract with the Kergo chief. Kadum asked Ingris to convey his will, but he didn't care at the time either. Because he has received nothing, he is not obliged to fulfill the contract.

Looking at the situation like this, I thought that refusing their entertainment was an excellent decision.

But to Kanis, Ingris meant something special.

It was the reason why he came to heaven even after abandoning the metagate, and it was the place where Arcane was presumed to have gained the knowledge that enabled him to become a great wizard.

Analyzing the notes left by Master, Kanis focused on mythology.

If heaven is a place that has had an impact on mankind since ancient times, its records would have permeated into mythology, not history.

While studying the ancient books, I realized that there is a place that appears in common in different myths.

That's Ingris.

It was a hall of knowledge where all the secrets of the world were recorded.

"I'll take over there. While Rian goes to the great world war, I will disable the mecha system. It might give you some time.”

It was a good way to buy time, but it was no different from asking them to go into the limbs.

But Lian thought that was what he could do best.

“I agree. We'll go to Jebul right now. Sirone, you always find a way.”

"huh. you guys be careful too I'll be there as soon as possible.”

Without even having time to watch her friends head to Jebul, Sirone entered the tower.

A vast interior with no pillars was spread out. The floor was made of glass, and there was not a speck of dust, let alone footprints.

Peope led Sirone to the corner of the tower, relying on the memories Girin had passed on.

"what? Why is there nothing?”

According to my memory, there must have been an elevator in this place. But looking around, there was no visible device.

At that moment, light leaked from the cracks in the floor, and there were flashes of blinding light.

Sirone looked back at the changed scenery.

We arrived at a place where the corridor stretched like the backbone of a fish. Every 10 meters there was a road on both sides, and a golden iron door stood at the end of the corridor.

Peope looked back at Sirone in front of the iron gate.

“From here on, it's Ikael-sama's domain. As promised, I can't go in. Angels can communicate with all beings, so you won't need me. Just in case, I will send you the map of Jebul.”

---------------------------------------