[357] Magic Association (3)

'I don't think this situation is rarer than expected. What do we do? Should I go?'

Terrorism against civilians was a serious crime, so the kingdom would respond immediately. There would be nothing I could do about it if I went to the scene of the incident, but I didn't like the aftertaste of ignoring it and going back to the association.

Crowds of people who fled for the second time rushed from the side of the main road. The sound of them shouting as they passed allowed Sirone to know a little more about the situation.

“It’s the Black Revolution! They're holding hostages and holding a sit-in in Gold City!”

"damn. All in all, they're crazy people who don't care.”

“What is the anti-terrorism unit doing? Have you not contacted me yet?”

The sound overflowed, but no one headed for the Gold Tower.

It was natural, and it had to be. There was nothing ordinary people could do about terrorists, so it was better to leave it to the experts.

'What should I do?'

A magic school student is not an expert. However, he was not so unprofessional that he only sucked his fingers when people died.

Words came from among the people standing on the sidewalk watching the smoke.

“Serious children. This time, it's probably to get your comrades released. I'll kill all the hostages if I don't subdue them quickly. Three people have died before.”

Sirone's heart tilted to one side little by little.

'I'll have to go and figure out the situation.'

You can protect your body by yourself, so it would be right to go and see it.

As a person who was at the scene of the incident, he was in a position where he could respond early, and even as a student, he was a combatant with sufficient practical experience in his own way.

Having made up her mind, Sirone ran to where the smoke was rising. Then, people standing on the sidewalk watching him shouted when they saw him driving the wrong way down the road.

“Hey, kid! don't go there! It's a terror zone!"

Sirone stopped walking. But he did not listen to the citizens. The box rattled and I couldn't run fast. It's okay to throw it away and go, but he couldn't even lose the association's items while he was simply going to figure out the situation.

“Eh, I don’t know!”

Sirone made up her mind and cast teleportation. As it turned into a flash of light and raced through the air, all the people watching looked up at the sky and opened their eyes wide.

“What, what? Are you a wizard?"

* * *

The terrorist incident was quickly taken up by the kingdom's key authorities.

The Magic Association was no exception. When news spread that the Black Revolutionary Corps had blown up the Gold Tower, the Association also moved quickly.

An official letter of cooperation came from the Kingdom Security Office, and the association also sent a reply saying that they would provide all possible support.

However, the information was not delivered directly to the certified 8th level wizard. Flew was still in the engine room on the third floor, watching the maintenance of the horsepower control unit. But he thought it was noisy outside.

“What's going on? You are working for a moment.”

When I opened the door to the engine room and went out into the corridor, the guards stopped their work and gathered in a corner. Flew, more puzzled, tilted her head and walked towards them.

“Why are you doing this? Where did the accident happen?”

“Ah, boss. It is said that the Black Revolutionary Corps has launched a terrorist attack in the city.”

Fleur's impression was crumpled at the word Black Revolutionary Corps.

In addition to criminals, numerous sub-species who have been defeated in the war of conquest live in Radum, the shadow of Basuka. However, due to capital policy, economic activities of non-human races are prohibited, so there has always been a lot of dissatisfaction, and such dissatisfaction piled up, and radical terrorist groups such as the Black Revolution were organized.

Their requirements have always been the same. To release the comrades of the Black Revolution and vice-captain Kanimar, who are imprisoned in the basement of the castle.

Of course, the kingdom could not fulfill the requirements, and the more the Black Revolution was doing, the more radical and bold terrorist activities were throwing the capital into chaos.

“Dirty things. What are you thinking of touching civilians?”

It was a flu that wanted to run to the scene immediately and pay a muk bowl. But if either of you started abusing your authority, eventually no one would remain in the Society.

Flew, who had calmed down, asked again.

“So, where are you going this time?”

“Ah, that is the Gold Tower. Even if you choose, you chose the right one.”

“Oh my, did you break through the Gold Tower?”

Gold Tower is a foreign exchange bank where currencies of other countries are traded. Of course, a certain amount of foreign currency was held in the kingdom's treasury, but if transactions were paralyzed even temporarily, in some cases it was a key point that could cause serious trade losses.

'That's why the inspection and search are strict. How the hell did he get in?'

Flew's shoulders twitched.

"Wait! The Gold Tower?”

"yes. Why? If you have a deposit... … ?”

Flew's hair was messed up.

The Gold Tower is only one block away from the Achim Alchemy Company. If so, there was no way that Sirone had not been aware of the incident.

'Let's wait, what time is it? In terms of time... … .'

Even considering the variables, it was definitely time to be on site.

My heart started pounding. The thing that scared her the most was that her guest, who was supposed to meet Old, was in an accident with her.

"no way! really!"

Flew stopped thinking and ran down the hallway. The guard walking across from me asked with a surprised expression.

“Boss, where are you going?”

“I’m out of work! I'll be right back!”

Flew hopped down the stairs.

When I came out of the main gate, the citizens were looking at one place with anxious expressions. Flew, noticing the fuzzy smoke rising in the distance, immediately cast a photonization spell. Her body turned to light and she roared and flew across her firmament.

* * *

“Stay calm! I'll kill those who talk nonsense!”

There were a total of 8 members of the Black Revolutionary Corps who exploded the Gold Tower. They were all wearing black hoods and carrying weapons that were hideous to the eye.

Armed with chain scythes, twin axes, flails, and long swords, the 20 hostages trembled like aspen trees as they moved around the Gold Tower.

“You are victims of the revolution from this time on. We must be willing to give our lives to free our comrades! Those who refuse will suffer more terrible pains than death!”

"crying! Mom, I'm scared!”

A four-year-old boy burst into tears in his mother's arms. Her child's cries were heard louder than the sound of sirens in the silence of everyone.

“Shish! Quiet. You can't cry.”

I tried with a low, determined voice, but the child's crying did not stop.

Terrorists do not do this with a sane mind. I was irritated when even the child cried in the already disturbed situation.

A member of the Black Revolutionary Corps approached the mother and child and shouted.

“Don’t stop crying! If you continue to cry, I will kill you first!”

“Aaaaaagh! OMG! Mommy!”

The mother held her child in her arms and bowed her head.

"sorry! sorry! I'll be quiet soon. It will end soon.”

The terrorist had no intention of putting up with it.

Anyway, all the hostages gathered here were destined to die bravely in order to accomplish the cause of revolution.

"shut up! The revolution looks funny to you!”

The mother was thrown to the floor as the terrorist raised her foot and kicked the child. Hit by her side, the child flew several meters and fell to the ground.

When he couldn't even breathe and gasped, a woman ran over and quickly hugged the child and comforted him.

“Why are you hitting the kid! You can cry because you are scared!”

A member of Jungki holding a scythe approached while turning the chain.

The woman's blonde hair was pulled back, and her booties flowed down her face, and her outfit and accessories were classy.

Her name is Aria. She was the same woman who had been in the same carriage as Sirone a few days before. The next week she went to diplomatic practice, so she stopped by to exchange money, but she was caught by the Black Revolutionary Corps.

“Shut up. Nothing is more important than accomplishing the cause of the revolution.”

"joy! revolution? If so, don't you need money? You can take all the money here!”

“Hey, money?”

Daewon shrugged his shoulders and laughed in a muffled voice.

To the Black Revolutionary Corps, money is nothing more than a piece of toilet paper. Even if you had it anyway, you couldn't do any economic activity in Baska.

The kingdom was unable to annihilate the terrorists that grew naturally in the gutter of the capital, and the more it did, the more it focused on killing its power by applying economic pressure.

However, that fact became another invisible weapon for the terrorists.

Being free from money was often wrapped up in sublimity. The Black Revolutionary Corps defined the kingdom as a social evil and was attracting more sub-species under the banner of sacred belief.

“Kyaaak!”

The agent lifted Arya up and bent her arms behind her. He then clamped her neck hard with her own arm holding her scythe.

A sharp scythe emitted an eerie light in front of Arya's eyes.

“Queue, is it because she is the daughter of a rich family? Does it smell amazing? how is it? Since you’ve been eating well and growing up well, shall we show off our body in front of people?”

A thick, bluish tongue descended from the darkness of the hood. It was twice as long as a human, and the saliva gave off a stinky stench. Arya frowned and turned her head away from her.

“Hey, I don’t have time to play with it. The terrorist squad will come soon. Let’s start slowly.”

One of the two people at the Achim Alchemy Chamber looked outside and said. Daewon also had no particular interest in human women, so she obediently followed.

“Cheuk, then let’s make this woman our first target. The effect would be perfect because he was noble and handsome. Too bad, miss. But she lived happily ever after.”

The Black Revolutionary Corps will do anything to fulfill their demands. Besides, all he wants is the release of his comrades. Killing one person to give them a warning was a fear tactic that they focused on.

"Help me! Help me!"

Arya realized the situation and struggled.

But none of the hostages came forward for her. Her child's mother was also just holding her child in her arms and closing her eyes.

The operator with the scythe grabbed Arya and led her out through the broken door of the Gold Tower.

The streets where all the citizens had evacuated were completely desolate. Only the merchants in the vicinity were watching the situation from inside the store.

"listen carefully! We are the Black Revolution! Release Vice-captain Kanimar of the Black Revolution right now and free your imprisoned comrades! Otherwise, I will kill one person every 10 minutes! To prove that our resolve is not false, I will kill this woman right here and now!”

Arya's face was sick like a corpse.

“Kyaaak! Help me! Please help me!"

The merchants who were watching turned their heads one by one. She couldn't make eye contact with Arya.

The Black Revolutionary Corps were guys who would do anything. Unfortunately for the poor girl, today will be the last day of her life.

“Don’t move. If you want to resent it, resent the kingdom.”

The scythe of the crew touched Arya's nape.

I don't intend to die easily. because it doesn't work If only half of her throat was cut, the woman's life would slowly cool down in pain.

“Die for the Revolution!”

Daewon's voice was sincere enough to convince me that this is the end of my life.

Not even a scream came out as the strength in her legs gave out. The fear of death paralyzed his reason, and his body convulsed at will.

"for a moment! Wait a minute!”

Just as the scythe was about to slit Arya's throat, someone appeared on the deserted street.

"what?"

The crew waiting inside the Gold Tower checked the owner of the voice through the window. A boy who was not yet twenty was holding a metal box and catching his breath.

"who are you?"

---------------------------------------