[191] 5. Nor's Shelter (6)

Even so, the reason I felt rejected was that it sounded like Sirone was using her.

“Sirone is not like that! Even if Kanya wasn't a subject, she would have helped me the same way! Sirone is nice and... … !”

“I know, what kind of character it is. Because he is like that.”

Tess was speechless when Canis readily admitted.

“You must have been sincere in giving away the White Elixir. So what I want to say is this. Shirone must have acted like that with good intentions, but he's not stupid enough to even think about the situation. is not it?"

The group did not object.

If it was Sirone, there was no way she wouldn't know what Canis thought of. If so, you will be strategizing one way or another. Just in time, Sirone walked this way with Kanya.

Kanya lowered her head and said.

“I’m sorry, I suffered a loss because of me. I will never forget this grace.”

Amy asked with a wink at Sirone over her shoulder. She shook her head as if she knew as well.

In life, there are times when good intentions are reflected as calculations, but this was the case with Sirone now. I didn't want to hurt Kanya, so I wanted to watch a little longer.

Opinions came and went through mental channels. Kanis said he would speak, but the majority vote decided to delegate it to Sirone.

After the meeting, Amy and Kanya were busy examining the fire elemental and the drone.

While watching, Sirone realized that among the women in the party, only Arin had nothing.

"Sorry. I ran out of elixir.”

said Canis.

"I do not need. I didn't come here just to get something like this."

Tess, who was petting the drone, became angry.

"what? Say it again."

"I do not need. I didn't come here just to get something like this."

As Tess gritted her teeth, Canis added.

“We risked our lives and came here not to go to purgatory. You have to think that even that drone you are hugging is a piece of equipment that everyone carries around in heaven.”

Canis was right.

If Purgatory was a market for selling goods, Heaven was a factory for manufacturing goods. All the principles of this world came from the law of heaven.

Tess pouted and sat back down.

In any case, the drone is yours. Even if there are some bizarre things in heaven, if you can't find them, isn't it a piece of cake?

Feeling good again, she pet the drone. Then, she suddenly became curious about how to use it.

I didn't handle it harshly for fear of breaking it, but shaking it and tapping it showed no sign of it working.

“Kaña, how do you use this? I said it was new, but it doesn't work.”

“Give me I'll look into it.”

Kanya was handed the drone and turned it around. Then she saw a steel strap tied to the drone's flight organ, and she looked puzzled.

I know she also bought a drone with the white elixir. But she never thought to sell something like this. The equipment of the Mechas whose belts were not untied was useless.

"excuse me… … I can't use this.”

“What? why? Is there something wrong with it?”

“No, rather the opposite. This is brand new, right out of the factory. Do you see the inscription on the steel strip here? This is called henna, but it can only be used if you break the seal. But the seal can only be broken at the factory. That's why I can't write.”

Tess looked like she was about to cry. To think that the item obtained by paying the white elixir was the same as a lump of scrap metal.

Listening to the conversation, Sirone realized why the merchant was so anxious to sell his goods. He wasn't talking about sealing.

said Amy, taking away the drone.

“Give me this. I'll go and get a refund. You sold a defective item without even explaining it. This is a scam!”

"that's right. I cheated.”

The merchant who sold drones came with Clove.

As soon as she accepted it without hesitation, Amy lost her temper.

The party calmed down and waited for the merchant's next words. But he said nothing. He gave out three yellow elixirs from his bosom instead.

"What's this?"

“This is the original price of the drone. Of course, the profit is taken away, but no auction can sell it cheaper than this. All items in Mecca are locked. I'm sorry I didn't tell you the truth."

Arin told me it was the truth.

Amy guessed why the merchant made a declaration of conscience. First of all, it was an obvious fraud, and seeing Sirone's skills, he came to the conclusion that the matter would get bigger.

In the end, it was a simbeom to take care of the original share. He had no guts for a merchant.

“Don't look at me like that. I have no intentions.”

“Then why return it?”

"That's what an apology means. I felt miserable. I escaped from heaven and entered purgatory, but I lived believing that there was hope. I don’t want to throw away my pride as a merchant.”

Sirone received the yellow elixir as if she understood. She informed Ah-rin that she was half-truth and half-false, but she was fed up with fighting with marbles.

The merchant comforted them in his own way.

"Yeah, it's not like I've shaved too much. Usually, 10 yellow elixirs are enough to get one white elixir. The value of drones in Purgatory is just as high.”

Tess snapped.

“Then what are you doing? You can't use it anyway.”

The merchant had nothing to say about it. Mecha equipment was not a major handling item, and there was no information to know that it was obtained by chance.

But Amy got a hint from the merchant's words.

“Isn’t high value means there is a way to unlock the lock?”

Tess looked back with a glimmer of hope, but the merchant just shrugged his shoulders in disapproval.

Canis, who had been listening to their conversation, sighed.

I was annoyed at the situation where I was thinking about the key to the lock in front of me. Should I tell you this or not?

In the end, he showed a little camaraderie and opened his mouth.

“You guys really don’t know?”

"huh? Don't you know?”

“Remember how we got here. Think about it if you have a head.”

Tess searched for memory. He escaped through the Guffin's Gate into Heaven. Guffin's Gate? Wait, what did we do at Guffin's Gate?

Tess turned to Sirone and shouted.

“Sirone! Quickly, quickly release this!”

Sirone realized it too.

The Guffin's Gate is also a kind of ancient weapon. The exterior is nothing more than a stone wall, but when the Immortal function is opened, it turns into a dimensional door. Maybe that's why the nickname Unlocker was attached.

After accepting the drone, Sirone held it with both hands and focused. Will it happen? I doubted it, but I expected it to happen nine times out of ten.

When I opened Immortal Function, the drone started to glow. The merchant's eyes widened as he watched.

A red pattern was revealed along the locking device called henna. Although the form was different, it was the same phenomenon seen at Guffin's Gate.

The henna fell off with a ting, and light leaked through the cracks in the assembly.

Sirone smiled brightly and raised the drone.

“Wow, is this for real?”

Just like the smile on her face, Sirone's body stiffened.

A lot of Norse people were looking this way. Not only Kanya and Lena, but also Gardlock and Clove were shocked and stunned.

I thought it was simply because I opened the seal, but I heard a whisper somewhere.

As Arin tried to telepathize with several people, their voices entered his head.

Nephilim.

Many words came and went, but the word that came out in common was Nephilim.

The louder the voice, the more anxious Sirone became.

I didn't know if the word Nephilim meant a good thing or a bad thing.

Arin said their feelings were awe and fear.

Kanya, who met Sirone's eyes, was startled. But she remembered that even that was disrespectful and fell to her knees.

“The subjects of Ra meet the Nephilim.”

Sirone couldn't fathom how things were going.

Then the guard locks approached. He had a more serious face than when he was being chased by the heresy.

“You guys weren't the ones who fell into purgatory. They were the ones who opened the door and came in.”

"I do not understand. What the hell are the Nephilim?”

“In this world, only angels can come and go between heaven and earth at will. There are various missions, but among them is to conceive a person who will reform the land nation. It has to be a virgin who has never had children, and that's called virgin conception. Nephilim refers to the offspring of an angel and a virgin. This is how the Nephilim are called in Heaven. free from the law.”

Sirone remembered the priestesses that Chief Kergo invited to attend the banquet. He said that only a virgin could bear a child of angelic descent.

Even so, what I don't understand is that he is not a Nephilim. If she really is descended from angels, why did her mother abandon herself?

In addition, it is absurd to say that they are Nephilim because they are capable of immortal functions.

If all the Unlockers in the world came from a single bloodline, there is no way that scholars couldn't figure it out.

“The Nephilim are out of the will of Ra. But the subjects follow the Nephilim. Because he is the one who has risen to the highest position that humans can climb.”

Sirone didn't like it. Isn't there no reason for subjects to follow just because their ancestors are good?

Immortal Function was also a realization through a challenge. It just seemed absurd to attribute the achievements he was proud of to his bloodline.

"That's Okay. Knowing that doesn't change anything anyway, right?"

“It doesn’t. Because this is a country of heretics. Anyway, why the hell did you come to Purgatory? Are you here to carry out an angelic mission?”

Sirone guessed the value of an angel. It was a means of communication that connected gods and subjects through dimensions.

"yes. We came to enter heaven. I have something to tell you.”

“It was too. But why did you come to Norr's shelter?”

“I wonder why… … .”

When Sirone turned around, Kanya turned her head with a reddened face.

Her heart was pounding. Sirone was not a heretic or imitation to be rejected. She was the great Nephilim who defeated the poisonous ear and obtained Epineth.

Sirone calmed Kanya down.

“Don't be too nervous. Actually, I didn't even know they were Nephilim. Just be comfortable.”

"but… … how… … .”

Amy came over and helped. Even though Sirone was right, she was strangely uncomfortable with her feelings.

“Yeah, take it easy. Even if Sirone is a Nephilim, the other friends are heretics. We're comfortable with Sirone, so you don't have to do that, right?"

Kanya didn't think so.

Those who accompanied the Nephilim could not be classified as heretics. Because they are connected to the Nephilim, and the Nephilim are connected to the angels.

Anyway, since she couldn't deny what the higher law said, Kanya decided to treat her comfortably according to Sirone's wishes. But there was still a big echo in my heart.

Nephilim, Nabal, and Tess didn't care. Sirone is sirone.

She smirked and looked at the drone. Her heart skipped a beat when she heard the hum.

Kanya came over and held out her hand.

“Give me this. I will teach you how to use it.”

A drone is a remote-controlled device that uses the human brain as a control tower. It is said that it can fly up to a radius of 10 kilometers from the control tower, although it depends on the atmospheric conditions, using advanced technology called retinal vision to transmit information directly to the user's eyes.

“To use the drone, you have to enter a personal password. It uses a natural frequency, but only mechanics in Mecca know the principle. To use it anyway, click here then... … .”

When I put my hand on the reset button, the hemispherical drone split into several organs.

As I put it on Tess' head, the drone tightened with a mechanical sound and began reading the brain waves.

---------------------------------------