chain action(1)

Chagall gritted his teeth.

“Big!”

At that time, dozens of rapid-fire swords materialized and charged Lian while wielding them all.

Ethella shouted.

“Stop!”

The chain quickly shortened as her sincerity took over Chagall's body.

“Keugh!”

Chagall fell backwards with a thump, and Shiro and his party looked at him with a blank expression.

“Sir, how did this happen?” Ethella bit her lip. The most embarrassing thing of all was that it had already shown her broken spirit.

"sorry. I couldn't help it.” Ethella, who had put on her tattered clothes again like rags, slowly raised her body.

I had to hold on to the wall as my legs gave out, but my stamina gradually returned.

“It is what you see. I hugged Chagall and fell into hell. In return, I am getting this punishment.”

“When is the purification time?”

As Sirone asked, the informator's voice broke through from outside the cave.

“87 years 2,875 3,241 trillion… …

Ethella's resignation was understandable.

It was a number that was meaningful to Chagall as well, so she erased the will to die and leaned her back against the wall of the cave.

“Sheesh! You're bothering me.” Ethella said.

“Sirone, there is a true voice in the Valley of Wailing. She also accepts all her karma and is tied up. It's a favor. Please save her.”

“I came to hell for that too. And I will save the teacher too.”

Sirone explained the method.

If he saved Etella, he would also be able to save Chagall, but there was no need to worry.

“No, don’t do that.”

Lian, who tried to purify hell by burning himself, and Jin Seong-eum, who saved humanity by closing the psychic realm.

'Compared to them, I... …

Just wallowing around with a devilish man.

“Please leave. He is the one who gave up on finding Jin Seong-eum and Shirone-kun. I am not qualified to fight.”

“Don’t beat yourself up.”

Sirone knows Ethella.

'A person who is righteous enough to stand up against Satan in heaven. I can't have Chagall if it's not that much.'

In a world where you can't die, having to live with the man you hate the most.

'It must be a terrible thing.'

In the world behind the scenes, karma is not something to be solved, but a burden to bear.

'In the first place, an amount of karma that could not be resolved was granted. Lian is just a special case.'

The time of purification was not a rank badge, but the time of the 87th year meant that.

“You need the ability of a teacher. The power of Taegeuk will surely help us in what we are trying to do. And maybe we can find a way to purify it.”

“You say you can break these damn chains?”

Lian's eyes widened at Chagall's words.

“You be quiet.”

It was only that he couldn't touch him because he was entangled in chains, and his anger at him was still there.

“Hey, that’s good. hey let's go Aren't you fed up with me too? Don't you want to be free?”

Etella met Chagall's eyes.

Chagall's gaze turned to the side when a feeling that only they knew was conveyed.

"red."

No guilt, he promised.

“Okay, if my powers come in handy. But can't we just give it a moment? body... …

I wanted to cleanse my mind by cleansing my body.

"yes."

A miracle stream rose from Sirone's body, and the Hand of God penetrated the cave.

Son Yu-jeong lifted her head and opened her mouth.

"wow."

Ymir would be the best in battle, but when he saw Yahweh's ability, he felt a sense of wonder.

A huge hand of light hollowed out the mountain and became clear water, filling the pit.

Said Sirone, who finished the work in an instant.

“Son Yu-jeong, give me a new outfit.”

You can make clothes with the ability of materials,

“Yes.”

Son Yoo-jung pulled out her hair.

When all the clothes were made, Ethella lifted her head with them in her arms.

"one more… … May I ask you a favor?”

While Rian wrinkled his brow as if he couldn't understand, Sirone spoke calmly.

“Chagall’s clothes too.”

"Really? That guy is a very bad guy. Even before... …

When Yahweh's eyes shot straight into her, her shoulders shook.

“Ah, okay.”

Ethella, who had gathered the necessary things, looked back.

"song."

Chagall glared at Lian as if he didn't like something, then clicked his tongue and stood up.

“If the chain breaks, I will kill you first.”

Lian replied.

“Please, I hope so.”

The two arrived at the lake made by Sirone.

Kneeling, Ethella first quenched her throat, then put water in her hand and turned her head.

Chagall stopped.

“You drink too much.”

When Ethella washed herself after taking off her rag-like clothes, Chagall's mood became even more unpleasant.

“You've had the taste for a while, and now you feel like fighting again? Well, I would do anything to break this chain.”

“You are coming too.”

After finishing her grooming, Ethella called.

“To fight evil, the heart must be pure. This will help.”

"evil? Are you crazy?”

Chagall shouted.

“I am the evil of evil! No evil can terrorize me! But what? How do you feel?”

“Chagall.”

Etela's sincerity was transmitted through chains.

“Keugh.”

“As you can do with me, I can teach you good. So come.”

“Annoying.”

Chagall, thinking that it was better to just do it than to look more ridiculous, walked away.

"Here… …

When Chagall fell face down, Ethella scooped up water and washed her hair.

“Archbishop Raphael said: If the power of evil is selfishness, the power of good is sacrifice.”

Chagall was silent even though he knew it was the words of someone he had killed himself.

“The fact that good destroys evil is no different from evil. Sacrifice, Ethella. The stronger the evil, the more.”

She lathered Chagall's hair.

“That is the compatibility of yin and yang. It's not about destroying evil, it's about turning it into good... …

“What a good man. I killed him.”

Chagall's words still scratched the inside, but Ethella was no longer angry.

"is it so. Archbishop Raphael forgave you at the last moment because he foresaw the great battle between good and evil. Destroying evil does not make it disappear. But if you are Zen... …

“Couldn’t you be evil?”

“Surely so.”

The greater the sacrifice, the easier it is to turn into evil, and Etela also had a crisis.

“I resent you, I curse my situation. But it's over now. This will be the end of our journey with you.”

Shoot, water poured.

'last.'

With Chagall's long hair covering his face like a curtain, water dripped down his cheeks.

The temple was a riot.

“What are you doing! To do such a thing while the temple is open. This is an obvious act of aggression.”

Kish was so angry with Kitra, the king of Paras, that he even pointed with his finger.

“What are you saying I did?”

"this person… … !”

You made the angels useless.

That was the point.

Pyramids were built all over the world, but countless lives were lost.

'Isn't it rather a good thing?'

From the point of view of other countries, it was time to applaud the fact that the power of angels had been neutralized.

'It's not like we're hurting, is it?'

Kitra said.

“I say again, it was not my will to establish a super-ancient civilization. And you can't stop it.”

Corona Kingdom struck back.

“We have already found out that the 12th zodiac is manipulating the law. I have proof.”

“Even then, nothing would change. You know, those who can sit here. Humans cannot prevent divine intervention.”

“Not God.”

Everyone in the temple looked back at their seats as observers.

Pope Constantine, who had been sparing about anything other than religious content, came up to the podium.

“God does not destroy human life with such ignorant constructs.

That's the devil's plague.”

“Demon.”

Kitra laughed.

“The Paladins of the Anti-Magic Department set out to investigate the pyramid. We will thoroughly investigate the truth and collect evidence. And if Kitra, if you're a heretic... …

Constantine opened his eyes.

“I will punish you with my own hands.”

The meeting room was filled with golden light, which is said to be the best divine power of Lamie religion.

'As expected, it's amazing.'

People's gaze wandered in search of Havitz, but it did not appear as expected.

The pope gnashed his teeth.

'Are you avoiding this incident? The one who died.'

Secretly expecting a confrontation of power, he looked back at Sirone with his emotions.

After the first meeting, it was reported that he had not yet left the Papal States.

'What are you up to?'

Shirone, who was thinking about Habits and the Wizard, felt their gaze and met their eyes.

'I can't even dream of it.'

Where do you think you are holy?

what terrible thing is going on.

Small villages dotted the forest thirteen kilometers from the Vatican.

After touring several villages through the night, Sirone and the others were silent for a moment.

Seina bit her lip.

'It's all lies?'

In the village she identified, numerous children were undergoing special training.

A child who cuts off meals and prays until his throat bleeds.

Through such self-denial training, paladins will have the ability to stand up to evil.

'That's the identity of the martyrdom code.'

The moment you believe in God and realize that the ability you believed God gave you is just brainwashing.

'done.'

Seina lost her divine power.

“Let’s go back. I'll take responsibility and let you know. There must be someone who will listen to me.”

“Is it really so?”

Sirone stopped in front of the entrance to the deepest village.

The sign read 'Village of Heaven'.

It was to the point of smelling of the terrible evil energy that I felt even before I set foot in the entrance.

“Huh.”

The castle didn't light up, but Seina felt it too.

"how… … What's in here?” With a feeling that could not be put into words, Sirone took her friends and went into the village.

Even without direct confirmation, prayers close to screams and groans could be heard from countless homes.

“No one walks around. Are you trapped?”

As Nade looked around, he saw someone walking towards the town hall.

"behind."

Seina's eyes widened as she looked with her back against the wall.

“High Priestess?”

Maximus, third in the hierarchy of the Holy See, but the solemn face she knew was nowhere to be found.

'People change like that in a few days.'

Her eyes were loose, as if she had been drugged, and her face was dry, as if she hadn't washed.

“Let’s go.”

They followed Maximus into the town hall and arrived in front of the building, frowning.

"eww "

Inside the window, naked men and women covered in animal blood were entangled.

I couldn't pinpoint it, but Seina noticed some familiar impressions.

“It’s a priest I know.”

His voice was trembling.

Maximus entered the room and washed his face in a basin of blood.

Then he took off his clothes and slowly slipped into the crowd.

Seeing blood-soaked lumps rubbing against each other, Seina's stomach groaned.

“Wow!”

Iruki rested his chin.

"You're doing this in broad daylight. Besides, this is the Papal States. That's not brainwashing or anything. It’s like a devil worshiper’s ritual.”

A woman's voice was heard.

“That’s right, the demonic ritual.”

When Sirone turned her head, a girl wearing a hood was standing in front of the window a block away.

“Because this is the headquarters of Satanism. By the way, you can only enter through the basement of the Holy See. That's why I couldn't find it.”

Seina asked.

“Satanism? No, more than that, who are you?”

"me? Yora.”

The girl lowered her hood.

"long time no see. Sirone, Iruki, Nade”

It was Candler Eden.