Smille, Smille (2)

Royal Cemetery.

Numerous screams were being born in the haven of those who kept their mouths shut.

Lights were turned on one by one in the house, but no one was able to come out.

"rush! rush!"

Xenia urged her to move on.

'It's not far away.'

A wave so intense that all of his hair stood on end was attracting Silver Bone's instincts.

“Aww! You motherfuckers!”

Every time Fowler swung the Mega Gun in all directions, he stood up from the smoke that clumped like a cloud! A popping sound was heard.

"die! human!"

Although Bessika, the lowest rank among purebloods, had a different level of strength than hybrids.

“Power Pack!”

When the efficacy of the medicine decreased, Catein prepared an instant medicine and put it on the necks of the hunters.

My head was spinning, and after a while I felt that the world had slowed down more than before.

"Goes!"

With the pain reduced by half, the hunters equipped with metal tools swung their weapons and opened the way.

After a bloody bloody battle, when we arrived at the tomb where the great men were buried, we saw the blood-sucked corpses of the guards.

'suction.'

Just sucking blood doesn't turn into snake fire.

“We need more blood.”

An old man with an umbrella stood on the tombstone.

“You guys should be enough.”

“I know you will be safe even if you do this.

ah? You killed the custodians of the Royal Cemetery.”

No matter how strong the vampires are, humans are a race that rules the world by borrowing the power of the sun.

Xenia was rather uneasy because there had never been anything so far-fetched.

“Do you know the misery of the people who lost their king?”

"What are you talking about?"

“Today will be the end of the humiliation of the world being stolen by you weaklings hiding in the dark.”

All of Xenia's hair stood on end.

'What, what?'

Tremendous speculation was emanating from one of the tombstones behind Umbrella Man.

" road??????

The corpses whose blood had been sucked out, the blood bank, finally came into contact.

Umbrella Man raised the corner of his mouth.

“Today our King is resurrected.”

“Run away!”

Seeing the tomb shake, Xenia shouted, but it was already too late.

“Aaaaaaa!” As Fowler fired the Mega Gun, Umbrella Man soared rapidly into the sky.

“I-what is that?”

Black smoke billowed from the cracks in the tomb to a height of several tens of meters, as if gas was erupting.

“Two minutes with this.”

It was the point at which two of the three Lords were resurrected.

“Knock-knock! Knock-knock!”

The sound of a woman's laughter that would tear your eardrums just from hearing it echoed, and then smoke gathered.

As the meteor crashed to the ground, the ground shook like waves, and finally the naked body of a beautiful woman settled there. Umbrella Man landed beside her and brought her to her knees.

“Meet the ruler of blood, Agnes.”

Hibernation, the ability to shake off moisture from the body and stop physical activity, is an ability only available to Rod.

And in order to wake up from the hibernation, the blood of 300 people was needed.

"It's a load... …

It was a powerful aura that no other creature could feel, not even from Nike or Lian.

It's just such a law.

The identity of the Lord inherited from Jinma has been located at the top of the biological pyramid since birth.

“Damn it… …

Threads popped in Fowler's eyes, and tendons came up in Katane's temples.

It was like a rabbit facing a lion, but the rabbit had lost its fear in anger.

“I will kill you!”

Their hearts, which could not be comforted by anything, finally found a breakthrough.

Glaring at the hunters charging from the front, Agnes stuck out a white finger.

“Blood Control.”

As she awoke from hibernation, all the blood that was left of her rose to her feet and formed a huge orb above her head.

The blood cooled by the pressure turned into a sword and held it in her hand.

“It’s been 2,000 years.”

Her body, which protruded toward the hunters, passed them and landed in the distance.

“Gagging!”

The bloody sword evaporated at terrifying speed, leaving scars on the Hunters' bodies.

“Blood Control.”

As she crossed her hands to activate her powers, blood gushed out of their bodies like a fountain.

"hurry! sooner!”

Hearing the sound of a series of explosions in the city center, Venoff led the vampire special task force and ran the wagon.

“Damn it… …

When I arrived, all the buildings collapsed as if a typhoon had passed.

Wow!

Venoff turned his head at the explosion from afar.

“I-that… …

Two long shadows were colliding with each other freely in the air and on the ground.

“Big!”

Lian's body, which penetrated Nike's whip, was in a tattered state like a rag.

Lian swung his mind sword in the midst of a high-speed battle where he couldn't even pay attention to cover.

'Be sure to cut!'

The moment the sword was struck with the limit of faith, Nike's shoulder was sharply cut.

'Incarnation doesn't work.'

As long as <Idea> cannot be destroyed, the body of a half-married half-married person is nothing more than material.

'But he doesn't die.'

Nike, who instantly restored his body with powerful regeneration, collided head-on with Lian.

“Kiaaaaa!”

Cut, torn, standing at the point where flesh soars into the sky and blood pours down like rain.

'How far can I go?'

Lian suddenly wondered how far a living thing could be destroyed.

At that moment, the body was torn to pieces.

“Yaaah!”

divine transcendence.

Even at that moment, <Idea> moved and Nike's body also disintegrated into dozens of pieces.

As soon as I got to this point.

Benoff heard an auditory hallucination.

The two afterimages, which could have been seen from watching the game hundreds of meters away, exploded like fireworks at the same time as the collision.

“Damn, boss. that… …

How can a person explode like that?

“What are you doing! Get off quickly!”

Even Venoff was in awe, but he needed someone to vent his feelings on.

“Rian… …

Maybe it's Ryan.

“Huh.”

The bodies of Lian and Nike, which had been disassembled into pieces, were randomly tangled in one place.

With the bridge of the nose amputated, Lian turned her gaze to Nike.

In the sky, <Idea> who had lost his sword dance was still dancing.

Nike, who was left with only his neck, raised his pupils upwards in the direction of looking at the sky.

“You won.” It was a long time ago that Nike, a creature of God and a heretic hunter, questioned the nature of creatures.

“You went farther.”

Nike's body condensed into black smoke, and a bat struggled to move.

"you… …

Lian's severed hand caught Nike's face.

Even under the pressure that pricked his eyes, Nike delivered his words with a fishy smile.

“From the moment we forsake God, we have no mercy.”

It was all about endless pain.

“Only those who reach the end can kill a god

there is." - Smille, Smille.

Amidst another infernal hallucination, the bat plunged its fangs into Lian's neck.

“Big!”

As the prion permeated through the injection, Lian's half-recovered body wriggled like crazy.

“… … go ahead.”

As the bat dissipated, Nike's body turned to black ash and spread across the floor.

“Rian! Ryan!”

Benoff arrived at the scene of the incident.

I stopped walking 10 meters ahead.

“Lee, Lian?”

Rian, who stooped to his feet, turned his face while regenerating his last remaining right hand.

It was like a beast with a face that only had a sick face and a lot of teeth biting.

"Wake!"

“Big!”

As the inexplicable pain consumed his body, Nike's memories flooded in.

"damn! Everyone wait!”

Thinking that he could become a vampire as it is, Venoff pulled out his longsword and watched the situation.

-me. I am beyond the body.

Smille's hallucinations were heard.

-How far can you go?

“Huhhh...

Between Lian's teeth, steam from burning cells leaked out for a long time.

-to the end. Only when I destroyed the tiniest piece of me... … . burn, regenerate, burn again.

In the process of driving out Nike's prions, Lian exceeded the limit at which living things could collapse.

-That's the real me. ogent.

“Aaaaaaa!”

When Lian spread his upper body wide and let out a roar, powerful wind pressure blew the soldiers away.

"damn! What is it!” Divine Transcendence-idea.

-Smiele eh eh eh!

As the cells of his whole body twisted into the shape of a yaksha, information from the distant past rushed into Lian's head.

“Smille.”

As the information mixed with Nike's remaining memories, Lian's head jerked.

“We have to save Smille.”

The moment he kicked off the ground and rushed, numerous buildings in front of him collapsed.

“What the hell is this?”

Venoff, who had been blown away by the wind, looked around where Lian had disappeared, stroking his hair.

The mansion of rich man Miguel.

Miguel, one of the most successful aristocrats in Lodenin, was a vampire of the Besica class.

“Are you here, Lord?”

Agnes arrived at the mansion accompanied by Umbrella Man and dropped the pale hunters to the ground.

“What about the resurrection of Kanoa?”

“The blood is about two-thirds filled, but it is still not enough. You will wake up from hibernation around midnight tomorrow.”

“You, you child… …

Xenia, the only one who was conscious, raised her head, but it was difficult to control herself due to the lack of blood.

Agnes glared at him coldly, then turned to the basement and gave instructions.

“Bring it. He needs the Silver Bone.”

Vampires of the Besica class picked up the Hunters one by one and boarded the elevator.

A huge hideout of vampires was built at a whopping 3 kilometers underground.

"You're awake, Agnes."

Another Lord Benedict greeted her.

“What about Jinma?”

It was extremely unpleasant to be interrupted in hibernation, but it was a different story if the person giving the order was Jinma.

“He is waiting for you.”

In the deepest part, Faust, a real horse, was waiting at the place where 8 huge glass spheres were installed.

Anyone who has been to heaven would intuit the alcohol of the anecdote, but Xenia was simply terrible.

“Kill! I mean kill!”

I'd rather die than be a log in the lab.

"calm down. Because you are not the protagonist of this experiment.”

While Besica put the hunters into the glass sphere one by one, several people woke up.

"damn! what's this!"

Ignoring them, Faust asked Umbrella Man.

“How did it go?”

“Nike is gone. It won't kill it, but the injection will definitely do it.”

Xenia asked.

“What are you planning to do with us?”

“Nothing. You guys are just manure. filter to reach the end of the creature.”

“The end of life?”

Faust's gaze toward the ceiling reached the past through 10,000 years of time.

“There was a human named Ogent.”

“Smille… … Smille... …

Rian rushed toward Miguel's mansion, destroying everything in his way.

My eyes were looking at the scenery, but my brain was playing with countless scenes that I couldn't analyze.

As if coming out of a tunnel, all the scenes were pushed out of the field of vision and I saw the scenery of heaven.

Guided by memories, they cross the sea and pass through the forest to arrive at an ancient village.

The man with long black hair turned around with a beautiful smile.

“Smille.”