face to face (2)

Shura's eyes widened.

"You'd better kill me."

At Nane's Buddhist scriptures that lasted all night, the mountains, rivers, and trees were now trembling.

Even though they were stuck on the outskirts of the shelter made with Gestalt's ability, the sound didn't seem to fade at all.

Kurrrrrrr.

The vibration that came from far away brought Shura back to her senses after a long time.

"huh?"

Seismic waves rushed in at high speed and dug into Shura's location.

As the Gestalt collapsed and the veil of lies dissipated, the mountain ranges stretching all the way to Baska were visible.

“What is going on?”

The fact that she was the one who learned a lot of things in the world by following the Buddha's footsteps.

'It's not a natural occurrence.'

If an earthquake of this magnitude had started along the coast, it would have been normal for a tsunami to hit the continent.

'It is the power of apostasy.' Several figures passed through Shura's head.

'Sirone, Lian, Gaold... …

However, no matter who thought of it, it was not enough to cause an earthquake of the size that shook the continent.

“The sky is open.”

It was only natural that the figures of heaven, which were like hometowns, came to mind first.

'I have to let you know.'

Nane is still busy reciting Buddhist scriptures, but Shura kicked off the ground and ran to him.

The cabin where Amy was sleeping unconscious was filled with Nane's voice.

“Mahavanya… …

The sounds that came out of Nane's mouth seemed to pile up like matter with mass.

“Tubular materials… …

At the same time as Nane's voice cut off, a small vibration shook the building.

“Mmm.”

It didn't just hang up because it sensed an earthquake.

Amy's eyes, which had been struck by so many realizations but could not wake up, slowly opened as if receiving a signal.

“… … Are you awake?”

Distraught, she didn't even realize that Nane's voice was a human language.

'Where am I?'

As if they had become arthropods, they could only move their pupils left and right without feeling in their limbs.

'I'm sure...

A series of terrible memories came to mind.

In the process of escaping with his colleagues, he met the division commander, Parkma, and was annihilated.

'Berryk.'

He wasn't such a talented person to die.

'Only I survived.' Amy bit her lip in the face of a situation where her life had been saved thanks to a man's favor.

'What kind of soldier is a kid like me.'

Suddenly, Nane's face came into view.

"are you okay?" Amy stared at him for a moment.

'Who is it?'

Because of all the tattoos on his face, it was an impression that even the one who saw it could not recognize.

But at least the man's eyes resembled someone she knew and missed.

'Sirone.'

The moment I thought about it, all the information flowed in and I came to a conclusion.

"me : yes!"

Looking down at the surprised Amy, Nane smiled benevolently.

"that's right. That is me.”

Amy hurriedly raised her upper body.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Soon after, the pain as if my muscles were on fire came over me, and I ended up collapsing on the bed.

“You are like a newborn child. Not only is it painful, but trying to move forcibly can injure your body.”

“Why are you here?”

Buddha of the age.

I couldn't look at the person who judged the world as empty and tried to close the universe with a good eye.

Above all, he was an obvious enemy in that he was the opposite of Sirone.

"It's still not feeling well."

Nane, who covered Amy with the blanket, got up and walked to the door.

“I will prepare something to eat. Until then... …

Nane stopped talking and slowly turned around.

"ha. ha."

Amy, who had come down from the bed, stared at me, supporting her body shaking in pain.

Amy gritted her teeth and said.

"Answer me. why are you here What have you done to me?”

Nane said with a smile.

“Well, this and that… …

However, when Amy's expression suddenly turned cold, she immediately corrected her words.

“You have been consumed by fire. It was so powerful that it even burned my consciousness. So I woke up.”

“You woke me up?”

Amy also recalls the situation at the time.

I woke up

Having lost her sanity due to Berrik's death, she increased her firepower at the cost of giving up her life.

“How did you wake up?”

It would take a very long time to explain, so Nane turned around and said.

“Get some rest. I will bring you something to eat.”

In any case, it seemed true that Nane had helped her, so Amy kept her mouth shut for a while.

But then he opened his eyes and rushed at him.

'Get rid of the Buddha.' If you think about it, didn't all the results come about because of Nane's existence?

Of course, it cannot be denied that he provided a key reason for the separation from Sirone.

As her crimson eyes glowed red, a huge flame aura rose from her hand.

As if all the dirt on his mind had been wiped away, his power was much higher than before.

'I can't help it even if I'm cowardly!'

Amy, whose goal was only to subdue Nane, reached out without hesitation.

"porridge… …

With a loud sound, a sword was thrust straight into Amy's stomach.

“Sermon. container."

Amy's eyes were filled with electricity as the red-dark sword scattered like an illusion.

“Aaaaaaa!”

When the pain that I couldn't even imagine came over me, my knees hit the floor.

Hearing screams from outside, Shura opened the door violently and shouted.

"me : yes??????!"

Nane turned her head to Amy while she was speechless at the scene unfolding before her eyes.

“Yahweh makes things that don't exist, but Buddha realizes that things exist. If it hurts... …

“Huh!”

Amy's eyes were still unbent as she raised her head with her arms wrapped around her.

“You can think of it as my pain.”

Because I have experienced everything in this world, Nane's voice works as truth.

Shura came.

“When did you wake up?”

“I regained my sanity a little while ago. By the way, it looks like a big earthquake happened.”

“It will be the army of heaven. Perhaps the reason I came here is to meet you.”

Nane smiled meaningfully.

Even if he swallowed Anchera's dream, his philosophy was different from what the angels pursued.

“They will find us anyway. Even Gestalt's ability can't escape the angels' senses.”

Amy overheard their conversation even in pain.

'Heaven's army came?' There was no hope for humanity if they joined in a situation where I was alone.

"Let's wait first."

Amy asked before Nane opened the door and left.

"wait. What are you going to do with me'?”

There was no way that you, who had been hiding in a veil until now, would suddenly save your life for no reason.

'I know.'

The fact that he is Sirone's lover.

“Even if you hold on to me, you won’t get what you want. I'd rather die than be taken advantage of.” I had no intention of becoming a hostage.

"ha. You are really stubborn.”

Well, that's why it aroused Nane's interest even among countless sentient beings.

“As for what I plan to do with you… …

I, who was lost in thought looking up at the ceiling, met Amy's eyes and smiled.

“We have to feed them first.”

It was a cabin without a table, so the three of them ate in a circle on the floor.

It was a simple meal made of grass, but to Amy, everything was a necessary nutrient.

“Ugh.”

The pain she hadn't felt when she saw Nane continued to torment her.

“It would be best not to overdo it for the time being. When things get back to normal, do whatever you want.”

Amy set the tableware down.

“I don’t understand. Are you doing this even though you know who I am? What the hell is mine?”

Shura pointed.

“Where is this, to the Buddha! Did you forget we saved your life?”

“Then tell me why you saved it! If you just saved me, then what about those who died from demons until now?”

"that??????

To be honest, Shura was also suspicious.

“The reason I saved you… … you opened your mouth

"that's right. It's because I'm Sirone's lover.”

"what?"

When I first heard it, I was stunned.

“Sirone and I can be said to be partners in the search. Although the direction is different, the distance to go is the same. I personally respect you. I was curious. Yahweh of fraternity, what kind of person is a woman who is irreplaceable to him.”

“You misunderstood. Sirone is a friend she met in her school days. She has nothing to do with philanthropy.”

"is that so."

Leaving only a short answer, Nane picked up the bowl again and moved the grains of rice to her mouth.

On the other hand, Amy persistently glared at me without even touching her mouth to eat.

Eventually, Nane gave up the meal and continued.

“If I threaten to kill you, will Sirone yield to me?”

The answer came right away.

“No, never.”

“Wrong.”

Nane shook her head.

“Sirone will yield. I could give up the whole world to save you.”

Amy's eyes widened.

“Is that what saved me after all? If I die, will I not be able to blackmail Sirone?”

"no. Rather the opposite. I want to understand Sirone. I want to accept everything from him.”

It doesn't matter what happens after that.

"so… …

If the philosophy of philanthropy remains the same even after understanding fraternity, then it would be a true Buddha.

“Can I love you?”

A grain of rice came out of Shura's mouth.

“Pooh!”

Embarrassed, Amy was as well, and there was a long, awkward silence in the cabin.

"no."

Amy came to her senses and said.

“Do you think that makes sense now? why do you love me What do you know about me?”

“You should know by now. And isn’t loving someone a personal freedom?”

Amy remembered Berrik.

“Of course you do, but you don’t love me. Sirone loves the one she loves.”

"is it so. But everyone is the same. There is nothing in this world that you can love without reason. I bet it is. At first it will be trivial. Then, the feeling grew and grew, and it became a feeling that could not be exchanged for anything.

Without knowing that you were the reason, now you are precious

It has become something.” “I am not forcing it. Recover comfortably. I was just being honest with you to ask why I saved you.”

Nane left first out of consideration for Amy.

'What's the situation?'

I was chewing rice in a slightly dazed state, but I felt a stinging glare on my forehead.

When I looked up, Shura was looking at me with a displeased expression.

“I feel like I have the whole world. To Yahweh and Buddha, we will also unify the universe.”

"what? What did I do?”

He knew that it was Amy who was unfair, but Shura was strangely upset.

“Anyway, it’s good to recover quickly. Because when the army of heaven begins its activities, the world will end. When you die, even if you die, shouldn’t you see your lover?”

She couldn't nod her head, but Amy was well aware of the fact that recovery was the key, as Shura had said.

Shura, who was more annoyed at the fact that he only glared at her and didn't answer, threw down the tableware and walked to the door.

“You wash the dishes.”

The door closed with a bang.