[215] 6. Heaven's Trouble (2)

bang!

The moment Ymir's straight strikes, only the greatsword remains and Lian's figure disappears.

All sorts of thoughts rushed through Ryan's head. To prevent further hits, you must land with her centered. I was barely able to balance. It seemed that he could land on two legs.

However, the next moment he realized that his body was crumpled and rolling on the floor.

As the shock remaining in his body dissipated, the cold floor touched his cheek.

An incomprehensible sound came out of his mouth. Her body wasn't sick, but it didn't work.

Ymir picked up the greatsword that had fallen on the floor while looking at Lian who was spread out. It was a greatsword to humans, but when Ymir held it, it looked like a common longsword.

Ymir's eyes shone as he inspected the blade of the greatsword.

“Hoo? This will be quite useful.”

“Gimme, give me. that… … Grandpa's... … .”

Ryan stood up with his legs shaking.

Thanks to the physical training to the limit every day, the time to get out of the shock was much faster than normal people. It was the so-called tenacity.

Ymir grimaced, tearing at the corners of his mouth and throwing his greatsword. The greatsword slid across the floor and landed on Lian.

“Are you going to try again? I like your guts.”

Lian struggled to pick up the greatsword and charged again. The power gap was clear, but if Ymir wanted to go to a great world war, there was no other option than battle.

Ymir and Lian collided in the middle of the hallway. Ymir didn't even think about blocking the greatsword. 

Zeng! The greatsword struck Ymir in the forehead. No, it was more accurate to say that he blocked it with his forehead.

Ymir's fist flew in a long trajectory.

can not avoid. Realizing this fact, Ryan opened his eyes. If he had to die he wanted to fight to the last minute.

Ymir tasted the excitement in Lian's eyes.

'It's a pity I don't know the name.'

Ymir's fists ricocheted through Lian's whereabouts.

Silence prevailed for a while.

Ymir's expression turned displeased. What could be more unpleasant than having an uninvited guest in the middle of a fight?

A strange but familiar phenomenon.

He clearly saw Lian split into dozens of squares just before their fists touched.

"anyway… … Because tall things don’t know how to ride the atmosphere.”

At a point about 3 meters away from where Lian was, the square glass plates flickered and the two figures were projected.

Black-haired handsome Ashur. And next to him was Lian on his knees.

Ymir smiled coldly. The mere fact that Mara, who was known for her heavy ass in heaven, was present, suggesting that something unusual was going on in the world war.

“Hey, a busy person is here. Where do you leave the person you love and snoop around the battlefield?”

“Ymir, if you don't keep the law, bad things will happen. Just go back.”

“Cheuk, what if you don’t like it?”

“The only thing left to do is to destroy existence.”

Ashur spread his palms, about 30 glass plates were erected in three rows in the air. There, a long, slender longsword emitting a purple glow was projected.

“Is it a signal?”

Ashur's ability signal collects all kinds of signals.

One glass plate contains one signal, and by combining the patterns of the plate, it is possible to implement a phenomenon close to infinity.

Ashur's long sword 'Shockwave' was also created by receiving 30 different signals.

Because it vibrates itself under the influence of electromagnetic pulses, it was a weapon with perfect lethal power that would destroy the inside once it penetrated.

Lian blankly looked up at Ashur. As if he died and was reborn, the intermediate process was omitted.

“Who are you?”

"good. He is an ally.”

It was a short sentence, but I could understand it right away. It was clear that Sirone had created some variable.

Rian glared at Ymir. But he hadn't even looked at him since Ashur appeared.

Lian bit his lip and ran into the great world war.

A fire boiled inside. I didn't grow up to be virtuous enough to fear defeat. However, the sense of shame that he had not succeeded in even one attack broke his heart.

I could feel Tess's drone following me. The machine kept her silence until the end, but the comforting voice she conveyed came like an auditory hallucination.

"damn! damn!"

Lian ran into the world war with all his might.

@

Ashur was still blocking the way. I want to follow Lian to the great world war, but right now, stopping Ymir is the urgent priority.

If you use the signal's ability 'transfer', you can send a signal to the destination you want to go to and move the place in an instant, but it was impossible as much as the world war.

It was a place covered with electromagnetic waves, so it was faster to run than to wait for the signal to be transmitted.

It was for that reason that he sent Lian first.

“Back off, Ymir. No more self-indulgence will be tolerated.”

said Ymir, stroking his lower jaw.

“Looking at the fact that even the pretty angel was left behind, something important must have happened. Why don't we get to know each other better?”

“It has nothing to do with you.”

“For some reason, it sounds like it has something to do with it.”

Ashur did not deny it.

What Ymir, king of giants, wanted was a battle. Taking away his physical body only for being strong, he was waiting for a fierce battle that could only be won by fighting with the strength of his main body.

Ichael, on the other hand, was in the position that war should be prevented.

If Ikael wants it, Ashur will follow too.

As long as you step out, nothing happens in heaven. Therefore, Ymir had no reason to be concerned.

Ashur aimed the Shockwave at Ymir's stomach.

"According to Archangel Ichael's command, I will revoke all rights given to you."

“Keukkeu, did the lowly angel even have that kind of authority?”

Ashur rushed like a gale.

Ymir's forearms split and blood splattered. The oscillations of the electromagnetic waves burned the bones.

Ashur pressed down on Ymir with an insulted gaze.

“Can a mere giant scorn an archangel? you are just a body Do not insult a noble spirit with a disgusting tongue.”

“A mere giant?”

One of Ymir's eyebrows twitched.

“I am already.”

Feeling alive, Ashur widened the distance. But Ymir overtook 10 meters in one leap.

Ymir's powerful straight pierced his stomach.

“Ouch!”

Ashur's eyes were filled with shock.

His figure, which had stopped in time, became blurred, and the 180 or so glass plates that contained the signal flickered and then disappeared.

Ymir looked back with an annoyed expression.

Ashur, who completed the transfer to the new space, was standing with a Shockwave in an aloof posture.

“Hehe, isn’t that overdoing it? I heard that the restraint of power is severe.”

“I am not in a position to be sympathetic to you. You'd better take good care of your body.”

“Is that so?”

“Hell of ice salt.”

The space surrounding Ashur and Ymir was surrounded by glass plates.

Approximately 2,400 glass panes began to flicker and collect signs of deterioration and cold. The sight of fire and ice intersecting every 10 centimeters made my eyes dizzy.

What will happen to this place when all signals are transmitted? Will you burn in the heat? Will you freeze in the cold?

“You brought it upon yourself. Do not resent me.”

“No one complains. Because I am the strongest.”

Ymir charged, baring his teeth like a beast. In response, Ashur raised her cold eyes and swung her shock wave.

As the transfer was completed, hot air and cold air raged at the same time.

@

“Tess! Hang in there! Almost there!”

Lian didn't spare any more oxygen. He separated from Ashur and after running for 10 minutes, he managed to get to the bridge to the Great World War.

The bridge was one kilometer long and 60 meters wide. There was no guard fence, so I felt like I was floating in the sky. When the strong wind blew, my stomach rumbled for no reason.

At the end of the bridge stood a domed structure. It was a great world war in which friends were captured.

It was a good thing to see the building. This is because it means that Kanis has unlocked the mecha system.

“What, are you still here?”

Looking back, Kanis was approaching.

“How are you already here?”

“I came through a portal. What's wrong with your face anyway? Like someone beat me up.”

Ryan touched his face. She didn't even notice the swelling from the wind rolling on her floor without even feeling the pain. She looked up at her drone with an apologetic feeling.

'You must have been worried, Tess.'

Canis also looked at it. He could tell it was Tess's even without an explanation.

Even in the situation of being caught by an angel, it was certainly quite good to let the drone go.

“How is the situation inside? Did you check?”

"uh. It's still in good shape. however… … .”

Suddenly, the condition of the drone became strange. It flew around aimlessly and then fell as if the power had been cut off.

Ryan hurriedly took it up and examined it.

The operation lamp was off. Since it was a device connected to brain waves, it was proof that something had happened to Tess.

"what? What happened all of a sudden?”

"I don't know! I do not have time!"

Lian jumped first. If it's Dark Fort, you can go at once, but the bridge floating in the sky was all in the realm of light. 

Capturing Lian, Canis killed his pride and cast photonization magic.

A flash of light carrying the two of them raced across the bridge.

@

“You bastard!”

Amy shouted, glaring at Kariel. The faces of Tess and Arin were also distorted.

When the information penetrated from the panel implanted in his head, he felt dizzy as if he had drunk a lot.

“Nothing to worry about. It is because hormones are adjusted in a state suitable for the wine of life.”

Kariel, who had been indifferently examining the condition of the women, turned her gaze to the screen.

“Nothing really changes. It will be different after the wine of life is over. Doesn't it matter anyway? It is something that every creature has to go through at least once.”

"shut up! Why are you deciding that! Do you think it will do what you want? I would rather bite my tongue and die than suffer this!”

Kariel frowned as if she had seen something disgusting.

“I don't understand. You are not being punished. You have won the noble mission of conceiving the Nephilim. So far, not many women have refused the drink of life. Doesn't she want to gain eternal life?”

“I don’t want to receive eternal life! Even if I die tomorrow, I will die doing whatever I want!”

“I can’t speak. Anyway, nothing changes. Because once all the information contained in the panel is transmitted, it is impossible to turn it back.”

- 20% progress in the Art of Life.

A woman's voice came from the ceiling. It seemed to give guidance every 10 percent. Hearing it from the position of being experimented on made the emotionless voice even more eerie.

Amy struggled to get out of the handcuffs. 

I was thinking of grabbing the panel planted on my forehead and pulling it out if only my hand could get out.

Even if I lose my life, I will live my own life.

“Tess! Amy! scale!"

The door to the great world war was opened roughly. Rihanna and Kanis entered at the same time as if they were running a race.

Tess, who had watched them cross the bridge, shouted.

“Rian! here it is! Please release this quickly!”

Ryan flinched as he took a step. It was because they were overwhelmed by the scale of the Great World War beyond imagination.

Not only the scale, but also the equipment and equipment were unfamiliar.

On one side, the planet was spinning, and on the other side of the tower, all kinds of lights were flashing loudly.

"shit! what is this?”

Kariel flew to a height where she could see humans at a glance.

“Did you follow the girls? This must be the stupidity of an ignorant human being.”

“Are you the culprit? Don't think that since you did this to my friend, it will end safely.”

Lian raised her sword with vigilance.

Unlike the strong shot, the action was cautious. Lian, who had seen the power of the fallen angel Ikasa, was able to guess the power of the archangel.

---------------------------------------