Karma Chain(4)

Sailors' supplies were insufficient to last a day, but people gained confidence.

In some situations, killing someone may be the only way to survive.

But at least they weren't alone.

This atmosphere won't last forever, but Sirone smiled happily.

'It's just a moment.'

Because if everyone could take care of each other's hearts, this world would never be hopeless.

A warm wind of human warmth circulated among the people who were stunned by the flood disaster.

However, seeing the situation from far away, perhaps from a higher place than them, Shika was displeased.

“What is that guy?”

If you were a country's home minister, you would have heard of Yahweh's name, but knowing his face was another matter.

The article insinuated.

“There are people like that everywhere. Guys who act foolishly without knowing the tragedy to come. I really wonder what he will do when we run out of water to share.”

Desicca snorted.

“Perhaps I will cry and ejaculate. You don't know how hard life is. It gets tough when someone like that gets in the way.”

When people start helping each other, the arrow will naturally be pointed at the desicca, which is an oligopoly on food.

“Take care of it.”

“… … All right."

Decica's knight lowered his head with cold eyes and walked towards Sirone.

“Hey, you.”

Sirone looked up.

"Me?"

“Yes, you. I'll take a look at it now, but this kind of behavior is taboo in the future.”

"I understand that the Minister's rations you follow are untouched."

“That's not the problem. If you start sharing materials, you will eventually die together. In any world, resources are limited. Unless you're an idiot, you wouldn't know, would you?”

For the first time, displeasure appeared in Sirone's eyes.

'This is it.'

What really makes me feel bad.

“I’m sorry, but giving my share to someone is free. I cannot follow your words.”

The knight sighed heavily.

Then, turning to the minister, Desicca nodded as if she knew what she meant.

“Son.”

The knight's sword, pulled out with the sound of water, dug deep into Sirone's nape.

“Where do you think we are now?”

Unlike the unconcerned Sirone, Poine's eyes harbored terrifying malice.

'An insignificant creature... …

Just when she was thinking about turning the knight's neck 180 degrees, Sirone asked.

“Where is this?”

“In the middle of the sea. Food is scarce, and it is unknown when a big wave will strike. Killing you alone is nothing. No, it might be helpful.”

The knight's expression turned cruel.

“It will be good food.”

The moment the blade touches Sirone's skin in an area that humans cannot sense.

"decided."

Sirone slowly raised herself.

Decica's expression was crumpled, but the knight was motionless as if he was frozen with his sword pointed.

'what?'

The field of view was far away, and the control of the body disappeared as if it was trapped in the brain.

The art of the mind - confinement.

'help me! who... … !'

His five senses were still alive, but none of them seemed like he was experiencing them.

While people were wondering, Sirone turned to Desica and said.

“The desire to live is the natural nature of living things. I don’t even want to deny that.”

Desicca was still speechless.

“But some people share even the smallest things. I don't care what you think... …

Power entered Sirone's eyes.

“Don’t mock that heart. Even if it looks stupid, this is also a great nature for survival.”

People gulped and looked at Desika at the sight of the minister of the interior.

“Hmm.”

Desicca asked while resting her chin.

“Who are you?” When Sirone did not answer, he raised the corner of his mouth and made a suggestion.

“You’re probably a wizard, so why don’t you come under me? I give you half of my share.”

If you are a knight escorting the Home Secretary, the level is not low even from a global perspective.

If he made such a talented person unable to move, he had no choice but to use a conciliatory plan.

“You are stupid.”

Desicca's eyebrows twitched, but Shirone turned away as if there was no need to deal with her anymore.

“This is in the middle of the sea.” In the distance, the back of the sea was rising.

“Save yourselves.”

As soon as Sirone finished speaking, the crew rang the emergency bell and moved busily.

“It's a big wave! Everyone get inside!”

As people watched with uneasy expressions, the captain himself came out and shouted at them.

“What are you doing! in… … !” Cuckoo Cuckoo!

The deafening sound stopped the captain and turned his head toward the sea.

“Damn it.”

Waves of a height I had never seen before in my life were crashing down on the boat as if to swallow it.

“Kihehehe! Human, human!”

The amphibious demons were soaking in the tidal wave, each raising their weapons.

“Save yourself.”

After muttering that, Sirone wrapped the Miracle Stream around her body and prepared for a fight.

“Keugh!”

The knight whose five senses returned like a lie grabbed his head and looked at the tsunami.

'… … I can't stand it.'

It was not on a scale that humans could do anything about.

“Minister! Come this way! We must run!”

In terms of taking care of the minister until the very end, it could be said that he is qualified as a knight... … .

“Messiah.”

"Leave it alone."

Sirone knew what would happen to those who lost their minds in the world of the end that someone had already revealed.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Knight Teshikawa saw the tsunami that approached 400 meters away and turned pale.

At that moment, dozens of huge water columns began to shoot up into the sky from the back of the ship.

“Aaaaaang!”

With a roar that resounded the heavens and earth, the water dragon Chaios flew up and faced the tidal wave.

The breath of the water dragon, which boasts a charging time of 24 hours, exploded through the dragon.

As the astronomical amount of water twisted like a twist and hit the tidal wave, the sea rumbled and the boat carrying them floated hundreds of meters high.

“Aaaaaaa!”

There was a chaos on the ship, and only Sirone and Poine were watching the demons descending from the sky.

"Poine, I've decided."

At least I saw hope.

The Miracle Stream strongly condensed in Sirone's hands and exploded into an intense light.

“Keeeh!”

The demons wrapped in light turned to ashes and perished, and on the contrary, people felt the impression that their hearts were purified.

"iced coffee??????

The feeling of falling from the sky was dizzying, but it was a warm feeling that touched even that.

'Hand of God.'

A hand of light came down from the sky and supported the boat, slowly descending and floating it on the surface of the water.

The storm was still rough, but it quickly subsided as the Hand of God whipped around the boat.

“Oh, this can’t be… …

Not only Teshikawa's knights, but even those who were helped by him, couldn't reach Shirone.

"Yahweh."

News from across the sea says that a blonde boy is fighting for the world.

The Home Secretary also knew the boy's identity and physical characteristics.

"Nonsense."

The current situation made no sense to blame myself for not recognizing it.

'Yahweh is here? why?' The one who will save the world cannot be on a ship carrying dozens of people at most.

“Desica.”

"yes yes!"

Decica, who grasped the situation, fell flat on her face.

“Once you arrive at Dionas Kingdom, organize a provisional government. Someone from Tormia Kingdom will come soon. Work with them to help the flood victims as much as possible.”

He wasn't a politician so stupid that he couldn't read the situation from Sirone's words.

“… … All right."

A huge tectonic shift, the world was about to be reorganized around Tormia.

“However, we still have a long way to go. If Yahweh uses his strength, he will come to land soon... …

Desicca looked into Sirone's eyes and was taken aback.

“Huh!”

In front of the feeling that your mind has been pierced, no words will go through

was

“If only the people on this ship could go to land right away.”

Sirone looked back and said.

“We are all going together.”

The people who turned their heads to follow the scene opened their mouths with blank expressions.

Countless ships were filling the horizon along the flying Kaios.

behind the world.

The Valley of Wailing was originally the river through which the hottest inferno flowed in Hell.

However, after the psychic realm was sealed, the lava completely dried up and became a cliff hundreds of meters deep.

On the rolling pebbles, Etella and Chagall descended to the bottom of the valley.

'I need to find something to eat.'

He was hungry because he had fallen to hell in the state of a living body, but he was not sure if he would find food.

Just as Ethella looked around and was about to move on, a strong pain came to her thigh.

“Kuk!”

Looking back with one leg bent, Chagall drew a knife to his thigh.

it had been stuck.

Glaring at him with a fishy smile, Ethella stood up again.

“Why do you keep doing this?”

“Are you asking because you don’t know?”

Chagall pointed to the chain.

“You and I are trapped in this hell of chains. A chain in which pain, emotions, and feelings are all shared.”

Etela gritted her teeth as the chain between the two gradually diminished.

“Huh.”

I tried to hold on, but it was an uncontrollable force, and it was the same with Chagall.

Eventually, when their bodies were completely connected, Ethella turned her head away with a disgusted expression.

"okay? this is a bee You're paying the price for daring to forgive me. You will never escape me.”

There was nothing to refute.

Since it was a decision he made on his own to remove Chagall from reality, he had no choice but to take responsibility.

“I’ll do the bullying later and find a place to rest. You never know what kind of demons will come out at night.”

When Ethella pushed Chagall away, the chain lengthened again, but even so, the limit was

It was about 2 meters.

Etella, who was in front, collapsed as Chagall drove a rapid-fire sword into her thigh.

Chagall thought as he looked at her back, who hadn't even responded.

'And this must be the punishment given to me.'

In order to torment Etella, it was his fate to first harm his own body.

' huh'?'

How long had he walked, Chagall's superhuman senses detected the eerie energy and transmitted it to his brain.

"stop."

Belatedly, Ethella stopped walking, and the illusion of a rapid-fire sword flickered around Chagall.

A ghastly aura still emanated from the dark end of the valley, far away.

Ethella's face turned pale.

'I feel it. Untouchable emotions, anger, sacrifice, pain.'

Do not come.

The woman's voice sounded as loud as a roar, as if it had echoed directly from the brain.

It is unlikely that Chagall did not hear what Ethella heard, but he moved on slowly.

“Hey, is hell a place where people live anyway?”

Because they were connected by chains, even Ethel had no way to stop Chagall from going.

The deeper I went, the more my emotions grew, and finally, I was overcome with unbearable fear.

“That one?”

The two stopped and looked up.

Hundreds of chains were nailed to the rock walls on both sides, and a woman was seen imprisoned there.

“Oh, don't come… …

It was Jin Seong-eum, the princess of Jincheon.