[723] The world we live in (4)

Law confrontation white black.

Survivors: 9 people.

White has four survivors.

“We still have the odds on our side.”

Among them was Marco, who enforced the harmony of the law on Syrone in a chariot.

“Four people died at the same time in Black a while ago. 3 of them were the only ones who moved as a team.”

It must have been accurate because the information was confirmed through Marco's weapon card, the periscope.

“Black will fight as an individual until the end. If we act together from now on, there is a possibility.”

Breeze, a hairdresser in the White District, said.

“Hmm, that would be best. But before that, there's something to be decided by voting. To reveal the cards.”

If you get a weapon card that is essential for survival, it's natural that you don't want to share it, even on the same team.

At first, White's participants also tried minimal cooperation, but in the end, six people were killed.

“I am against it. Isn't it too early to put the cards together? Anyway, the black side has only one more than us.”

The objection was voiced by a man in his mid-50s named Ballard, a guard from the White District.

As long as they were trained, their combat power would be superior to other participants, but in White Black, weapon cards were everything.

'You have a good card.'

Marco wanted to combine the cards even more.

“Okay, then let’s decide by voting. Me, Breeze, and Atria are in favor of merging the cards.”

Atria, a 16-year-old girl, raised her hand.

“I haven’t said anything yet.”

Of course, she didn't have advanced cards, but if she asked me to put the cards together, she would be looked down upon.

“I mean, cards anyway… … . OK got it. What are you going to do? Is it a team or an individual?”

Atria bowed her head sullenly.

“Tim.”

"It's going to be like that anyway, but it bounces... … .”

Marco sighed and turned to Ballard.

“Now, is it over? Three votes in favor. It is a vote against.”

Ballard's expression crumpled.

“Damn voting.”

“Hey, if you ignore White’s rules… … .”

"know. i'm the guard It's a job where if you don't follow the rules, you'll throw away the muk bowl. Even if you are young, I want to teach you.”

When living peacefully in the White District, Marco also had good friendships with the residents.

'I will definitely return alive.'

When he thought of his family waiting at home, he could easily become impudent.

“Then let’s share cards from now on. After putting them all together, we'll redistribute them according to roles. Combat, Assistance, Exploration, etc... … .”

As Marco rummaged through his arms, Sirone landed with the noise of space movement.

“What, what!”

All of White's participants jumped to their feet.

“How are you alive?”

There were obviously four survivors of White confirmed by the periscope card, so Marco felt like he had seen a ghost.

Sirone held out her seeker card and said.

“It’s black. I came here because I have something to offer.”

“Seeker… … .”

Marco's head spun rapidly as Breeze looked at the class card, her eyes shining.

'A seeker came out? So is he 4 vs 5? If Sirone moves over to White, he can have a numerical advantage in addition to building a team. We won.”

Sirone asked with an annoyed expression.

“Why are you so surprised? Did you really think I was going to die while activating the harmony of the law?”

“No, you are welcome. I told you. I don't think it would be particularly dangerous. We were looking for you too.”

Everyone knew that it was a lie, but it was a situation where they could not honestly confess it.

“Why don't you forget about the past and move with us? If you join us, the game will go to White... … .”

“I am black.”

Sirone stopped talking.

“Again, I’m just here to make a suggestion. I won't do you any harm if you accept it.”

There was life in Ballard's eyes.

“Hey, kid. You think seekers are all-powerful, but this is a battlefield where the laws are harmonized. There’s no reason we can’t do it like Black.”

Marco stopped Ballard.

"Wait a minute. You might be an ally, but you don't have to fight, right? Why don’t we decide by voting?”

This time, Sirone snorted.

“Sounds like a vote.”

Participants' faces turned pale as they saw photons from the photon cannon hovering over their palms.

“Oh, magic… … ?”

When I threw the vibrating orb of light as if tossing it away, the rock exploded with a roaring sound.

'How does a seeker use magic? Is it a weapon card? No, I never took out a card. then… … .'

He was a wizard from the start.

"no way… … Were you the one who killed the black team?”

Unless it was an incident of that magnitude, it was not possible to find out why 4 participants in the Black Zone died at the same time.

"okay. Black or white, it doesn't matter. If you don't accept my offer, the four of you will do the same.”

Marco fell silent at the terrifying threat, and Breeze asked with a frightened face.

“What is your proposal?”

Sirone held out his hand and moved on.

“Take out all the cards you have.”

* * *

Labyrinth Andre - World No. 1.

'It's a dragon. It's a real dragon.'

I had seen the water dragon Caios on Galliant Island before, but it was the first time I had a conversation with him so close.

'That's also Kara Torsa.'

Although it is called the king of dragons, it is known that it does not already exist in Sirone's world.

-When no one can handle it, I will handle it.

Only the word that he spat out before taking a rest in the depths of the backcountry where no one could find was being talked about.

“Karatorsa, I found someone who remembers reincarnation.”

The thunderbolt dragon that pulled Sirone out of the cave landed next to Kara Torsa and said.

'Definitely different.'

Unlike other dragons, it had a remarkably smooth body and a sharp beak reminiscent of a sword.

“It certainly is. But this probably belongs to the first reincarnation, Blitz.”

Sirone's eyes widened.

'Blitz? That dragon?'

Although Karatorsa became a legend after she went to rest, Blitz was the most famous dragon in Sirone's world.

Brain Pterodactyl Blitz.

Among the first-class dragons called the 12 Apostles, it was considered to be the strongest in terms of combat power.

Lightning strikes on the ground while flying at supersonic speed is a picture that symbolizes Blitz, and Sirone also imagined the scene through the works of numerous artists.

“… … okay. This is the first case.”

Blitz, who had absorbed Karatorsa's experience, looked down at Sirone with cold eyes.

“It is a drop of poison that has been burned by the stream of time. It is natural to remove it before it spreads further.”

The only result Sirone made was saving some primitive people, but it would develop into a completely different history in the future.

“You know.”

But that meant the dragons had a perfect understanding of the reset.

Karatorsa said.

“Those who came from the future, we are the apostles who protect time from the fear of reincarnation. But because of you, hundreds of millions of people who will exist in the future will disappear.”

If some transcendent being tried to change the system through a reset, the dragon was an antithesis to that.

“I feel a sense of responsibility. But you can't turn a blind eye to someone who is in danger.”

That was Sirone's curl.

“I cannot delay any longer. Disappear for the sake of hundreds of millions of people you will erase again in the future.”

A breath of plasma began to spread between Blitz's clenched teeth.

"no. no."

Mitochondrial Eve stood in front of Sirone and spread her arms wide.

“Stand back, you who remember reincarnation. If you don't remove interest, your blueprints will be useless.”

The underlying event of Mitochondrial Eve was essential information for the apostles who guarded time.

"you can do it."

Mitochondrial Eve was doing its best to speak language.

“Sirone is… … you can do it. I can stop it.”

“Can you stop it?”

Caratorosa, lost in thought for a moment, looked back at Sirone and raised her eyes.

“Keugh!”

The feeling of my head being filled with light was similar to clearing the snow skill, but it was a different level of intensity.

'Memories are forcibly opened.'

It was a kind of mental hacking, and Sirone did everything possible to cut off Kara Torsa's access.

'With the Ultima system... … !'

When he dismantled the initial dragon words made up of binary numbers, Mudeungryong's head soared into the sky.

“Great!”

“Kara Torsa!”

Blitz, who shouted sharply, glared at Sirone and created an orb of thunderbolt in front of his eyes.

“What dare you do… … !”

Karatorsa's voice stopped the blitz.

“The ultimate language.”

Where the dragons turned their heads, Kara Torsa was staring up at the sky with her huge eyes raised.

"indeed… … Is it like that?”

If the perfect signal that embodies the world is the dragon word, the Ultima system is the higher signal that implements the dragon language.

“So I was able to come here. You have unlocked the seal of time with the ultimate language.”

To be precise, the space-time prison created by Guffin was opened with the Ultima system.

“You can do it, man. With your signal added, we can right the twisted history.”

“How is that?”

Karatorsa's explanation was grotesque.

“Unless the time prior to now is sealed, events that have already occurred cannot be undone.”

This was World 1.

“Then the only option is to correct history by force in an irreversible state. It is to anticipate all the variables that will happen in the future and eliminate them.”

"that is… … Is this possible?”

“It is possible with the arithmetic ability of the time apostles and dragons. Roughly 673 years from now it will flow into the same history as you never came.”

It was time for a single drop of poison to be cleansed.

“The problem is that it's not a way to get rid of it over time. It must happen simultaneously. That's why you need a master code, the ultimate language. You permeate the world yourself and apply the results we draw.”

“It’s an immortal function.”

It is to expand the self to infinity and input new variables that transcend time and space into the Ultima system.

An insight I had vaguely guessed at some point.

'This is how to break Andre's seal.'

Even if they were exploring 19,000 worlds at the same time, each sirone had its own life.

'I don't want to die.'

So what was needed to break Andre's seal was something that made him willing to sacrifice himself.

“Human being, you may not be you now, but find me in your world in the distant future. Blitz will lead.”

Blitz met Sirone's eyes and nodded with an unwavering gaze like time.

“Sacrifice me. Abandon yourself for the hundreds of millions of lives that will be lost because of you.”

for those who will live in the future.

"For the future."

Mitochondrial Eve burst into tears.

'I can wait. I can stand it.'

It's not a permanent farewell.

But she also knew how long it would take before we met again.

Indeed, tens of thousands of years.

It was the amount of longing she had to endure alone for eons of time, waiting only for Sirone to appear.

“You must make a choice, human.”

Sirone sucked in a lot of air, looked up at the sunset sky, and was lost in thought.

"I am… … .”

Hundreds of pupils were waiting for a decision.

(end of volume 29)

---------------------------------------