[154] Second Encounter (3)

“Can you hold on? His schema won't be that of a cadet.”

“Even so, you have no choice but to do it, right? I have no choice but to try.”

Lian lowered Ogent's symbol, the greatsword, on the ground and slowly moved forward. Conversely, Tess moved to the side as if out of Falcoa's line of sight.

It was a standard display for two-person passing, but Falcoa didn't care.

If he, who was called the demon of the battlefield, was swung around by these kids, how much would those who lost their lives to his sword laugh at him?

Rian said, holding out his great sword.

“Come on. Please accept it.”

But before he could finish his words, Falcoa was already close by. It was an instant acceleration beyond imagination.

“Ha ha ha ha ha!”

Lian's nose twitched as he defended against the longsword that was plunging down vertically. He didn't collide with each other, but it was a shock from being hit with a hammer.

"what? Are you giving up already?”

Falcoa frantically slashed the top of his greatsword. Lian's knees bent with each impact drop. Then he finally couldn't stand it and fell on his knees to the ground.

“Keugh!”

The muscles in the arm holding the straight sword twitched. At that moment, Falcoa's kick hit the stomach.

Rian's body rolled away from the floor like a ball.

“Lian!”

Tess let out a pitiful cry. It seemed that the situation was already over. However, contrary to Falcoa's expectations, Lian jumped up and stood up.

As well as brute force beyond common sense, tenacity was also one of Lian's strengths.

“Whoa, I got it roughly. You mean this much?”

Falcoa's eyebrows twitched. However, Lian did not stop there and pointed his greatsword straight at him, provoking his opponent.

"good. It starts now. Give it a try.”

“Keuk kuk, I’ll kill you.”

The corner of Falcoa's mouth was torn from ear to ear.

It was the same as it was at the time when it was called the demon of the battlefield.

* * *

Sirone opened the door to the building and entered. An untidy living room was revealed, unlike a place used by mercenaries, and flower pots were decorated in rows under the sun-drenched windows.

“Where is Jess’ sister?”

Sirone went around from room to room. Then, when he opened the door for the third time, he held on to the doorknob and froze.

The room smelled good. A red carpet was laid out, and beds and desks were arranged according to specifications on it.

Sirone looked at the woman sitting on the bed. When she heard Tess' words, she thought it vaguely, but when she actually faced her, her shock was enormous.

“Oh, you’re here, Sirone. how have you been doing?"

“Sister Marsha… … .”

Marsha was clearly the leader of the organization that kidnapped Yuna. But he couldn't think of such a thing, he was smiling with a friendly face.

“Did you get home that day? Have you reconciled with your friend?”

Sirone swallowed the answer that came out of her throat. Marsha must have known she was coming. But even so, she did not hand Yuna over.

“You already know, right? Didn't you hear everything?"

“Oh, what’s wrong, Sirone, it’s scary. Are you mad at your sister? I'm sorry I lied to you back then."

As Marsha flirted with her, Sirone stepped back, leaving the same distance.

“Whoa, you look really upset. How can I forgive my sister? Should I get down here and pray? I'll do it if you want.”

“Give Jess’s sister back. That is all I want.”

"aha! Was it like that? oh my gosh tell me You misunderstood that you were trying to fight me. Well, there's no way a good Sirone would do such a thing. I'm so glad.”

Sirone was confused. Who the hell is this person? Her actions did not make sense to her, as if she was experiencing a different situation in another world.

“Where is Yuna?”

“It is on the second floor. You can take me if you want.”

Sirone turned around. He didn't want to think about Marsha anymore. He just wanted to leave this place as soon as possible.

"Oh right. But shouldn’t you bring some clothes to cover you?”

Sirone's steps stopped abruptly. When she looked behind her again, Marsha was smiling with her mischievous eyes.

“Isn’t it a bit uncomfortable to see someone you don’t know naked? So I'm telling you in advance. Don't be too surprised. I might have gone crazy. My men are so rough.”

As Sirone's eyes grew colder, Marsha spoke faster.

“I saw it from the side too, and the screams were no joke. Well, even I couldn't stand it. Thinking about it now, I wonder if it was too harsh. But Sirone, you know what? is everything i did? I think you'll understand though. Because it's a good sirone. yes?"

Sirone just kept his mouth shut. That fact came to Marsha with great happiness.

“How are you, Sirone, how are you feeling?”

“How do you feel? What do you want to hear?”

Sirone no longer felt worthy of respect for Marsha. But it was a really exciting event for Marsha.

“Ho-ho-ho! Do you look really angry? why are you mad at me You said that one day my kleptomaniac would be okay. But have you changed your mind now? What if you had scolded me harshly then? Then I might not have kidnapped Yuna. To be honest, you were very unlucky.”

Sirone turned completely towards her. Yuna was no longer a problem. Marsha did something she should never have done.

"huh? would you like to answer? How do you feel? Do you think you're going crazy? Are you miserable because your older sister, who seemed like she would die from love, suddenly did this? Do you feel like there's nothing to trust in the world anymore?"

“The feelings of others like that… … Is it safe to listen to it with your mouth?”

Marsha's laughter cut off at Sirone's question.

“If you really want it, then you can do it. But why do you care about my feelings? Are you afraid that I will be disappointed?”

“Stop talking nonsense! I am mocking you!”

"okay? Then can you tell me what I think of you now?”

Marsha's face hardened. As if she had been deprived of the choice of language, she was waiting for Sirone's answer.

“I don’t hate you. Because in my memory, he is still a good person.”

Marsha's expression changed in real time. Her bewilderment gradually changed to disappointment, then she finally to anger.

“Don’t talk nonsense. If so, can you forgive me? Can you smile like you did before when I trampled on Jis' sister?”

"no. You did something you shouldn't have done. If you really did that, I will never forgive you.”

"haha! Do you really think I'm lying? But what? I mean real. Go upstairs and check it out.”

"Even if it's true, I don't hate you. but… … .”

Sirone looked at her and bit his lip.

"It's just sad that you, who knows the pain better than anyone else, did that."

Sparks flew in Marsha's eyes. Her face twisted fiercely and her clenched teeth were grinding.

If he really trampled on Yuna, he wouldn't have been unfair. She couldn't stand it. She was annoyed at Shirone talking about her as if she knew everything about her.

"you! I feel really bad!”

Sirone hurriedly retreated. Marsha's zone, penetrating through synesthesia, was sharp enough to feel a sting.

Star-shaped John. 

It was a unique sense of the offensive type among the four methods.

In preparation for Marsha's attack, Sirone faced it in a defensive manner. But Yuna on the second floor got caught.

The urban area was a very difficult environment for wizards. It wasn't simply a matter of reducing the radius of the Spirit Zone.

To express the feeling of a swordsman, it was the same as throwing away the long sword he used as his main weapon and fighting with a dagger.

'What kind of magician would he be... … .'

While observing Marsha, Sirone applied photonization magic in advance so that she could immediately evade any attack.

However, Marsha's magic exceeded Sirone's expectations. Her tremendous roar pierced her eardrums as she let out her piercing scream as she raised her eyes.

“Keugh!”

Shocked, Sirone stumbled. The throbbing pain came as if her needle had gone through her ear and out of her ear on the other side.

'Sound cannon. You were a sound wizard. This is dangerous.'

Sound magicians are those who study sound. Even if it's not a human voice, it vibrates the air to create various sound waves, and a representative attack magic was the sound cannon cast by Marsha.

The sound pressure of the acoustic cannon exceeds 150 decibels. It was so powerful that, if struck at close range, the eardrum would be torn and the eardrum would go blind.

Because it is a directional magic that amplifies negative wavelengths, it does not spread in a wide radius like a laser, but it is one of the magics that is difficult to respond to because it is invisible.

'It's a disadvantage here.'

Just as the effectiveness of Sirone and Amy is extremely different depending on the situation and environment, to Marsha, who handles sound, fighting in an enclosed space was like a vegetable garden.

Sirone squeezed her head to break the current situation. The method finally chosen was ultra-high-speed teleportation in a confined space.

As she moved around the room, mixing patrols and rainbow drops, a complex pattern of flashes disturbed Marsha.

As soon as Sirone overpowered her rear, she cast a photon cannon. However, Marsha easily dodged the magic rushing from her blind spot by twisting her body.

'how?'

There is no way to notice an attack from a blind spot unless you have eyes on the back.

No, even with eyes, it would be impossible to avoid the photon cannon at this distance.

“Huh, is that a surprised face? Surely that’s not all of the bottom line?”

"no way… … sonar?"

“Hey, you’re from a magic school as expected. Are you studying hard?”

Sonar is the ability to read sounds. Originally, its use was maximized only in the water, but wizards were able to use their omnipotence to mediumize their zones.

It is known that Sona's master's search ability exceeds Joner's in terms of density.

Therefore, it was only natural that Sirone could react at the same time as she cast the photon cannon.

“Amplification magic sucks. You're too ugly.”

Sirone tilted her head. I don't know if it's a problem that can be overlooked, but if you think about it, it was a strange story. It was because no wizard would disparage the magic he had learned.

“But I like it.”

If you have learned sonar, you don't even need to amplify the sound. As Marsha spread her arms, the air in front of her vibrated and sonic cannons flew from both sides.

Sirone hurriedly cast teleportation. But the sound was faster than his reflexes.

The magic dissipated as high-decibel sound waves turned my head. For a wizard who had to concentrate like this, the sound system was a very dangerous magic.

Marsha covered the entire building with side-looking magic.

Like a dolphin, it is a magic that emits sound waves and reads echoes. It was a powerful detection magic that could accurately measure existence, direction, distance, etc. regardless of cover.

Sirone was driven to a dead end. Acoustic cannons cannot be defended. In addition, with the instant detection of side-looking, even the photon cannon was easily evaded.

'It's really strange. The sound system is a very specialized magic. How could Marsha, a former mercenary, use sound magic?'

Sound wizards study and collect only sounds for a lifetime.

Even if he met Gi-yeon, it was a tricky magic that could not be used without academic knowledge.

“You have a very attractive face. You can clearly see the emotion of 'How can you do that?'”

---------------------------------------