[305] Master of Incarnation (3)

When Sirone burst into laughter, Ji-on's face flushed.

To see an insignificant celestial man looking down at himself and laughing at him. It was the first time in his life that he was humiliated like this.

Sirone shook his head with a face that showed no trace of laughter.

“Is that so? It must have been a lot of years. Do you really know nothing?"

"What are you talking about?"

“Therazze has no son. She said she only gave birth to daughters. You are just a shell of Theraze.”

Ji-on's face became stunned.

What do you mean you don't have a son? Doesn't he only have daughters? Then who are you? No, are there any children who have no parents in the world?

Ji-on wrinkled his face like a wounded beast.

"shut up! How does a guy like you know that? you are a psychopath He was eaten by that monster and went mad! What are you talking about my mother carelessly?”

“Didn't Therazze tell you? You must have been a really pathetic guy. Even if it's not a child, it's a personality that treats you properly if you have outstanding abilities. I guess you weren't worth it.”

“When did you meet your mother!”

Ji-on lost his temper and rushed.

He had lived his whole life with the pride of being the son of Theraze. But what about the shell?

No, it's the bullshit of a madman. Wasn't there a way that such a lowly people could have met Theraje, the emperor of the continent, from the beginning?

“I am royalty! An illegitimate child is not to be treated lightly!”

The moment the blade of the gauntlet swooped down on Sirone's neck, the photon cannon hit Zeon's abdomen.

After coughing up a bagful of blood, Jion flew 10 meters away and landed on a flour bag.

“Ouch! Kuck!”

As the bag was torn apart, flour poured down on Ji-on like a waterfall.

His face, covered in flour and blood, looked like a clown.

Armand said. unable to fight.

It was the only information that Ji-on could relate to.

Sirone floated a photon cannon on her palm and walked away.

“Humans like that. King, lineage, lineage, family. But Theaze, whom you trust and follow, told me this.”

Ji-on struggled to raise his head. Then, he watched the photons floating on Sirone's palm vibrate and grow.

Sirone copied Theraze's tone and said.

“Even if they are royalty, they are only a genealogy of blood passed down by humans. but… … .”

Sirone's Photon Cannon became stronger.

Zion, who was half-conscious, was losing his eyes to the light with a hazy expression, as if he didn't even know that it was magic that would attack him.

Sirone grinned while holding the photon cannon.

“Talent is a gift from the sky.”

The photon cannon fell in a violent arc. Tears streamed down Ji-on's eyes as he stared at the trail of light.

A powerful impact shook the pantry. The photon cannon, buried in Armand's fibers, crushed the ship until Zeon's organs were ripped apart, only to disappear after exerting all of its strength.

The flour spread in a ring and was shrouded in thick fog on all sides.

Amy and Reina stamped their feet nervously, peering through the white smoke. A shadow appeared, and Sirone appeared.

Amy couldn't speak.

Even if that boy was Sirone, the temperament rising from him was precarious and uneasy, like holding a time bomb in his arms.

“I will rise to the ground. Run away as quickly and as far as you can. I'll take care of this.”

It was the moment when anxiety became reality.

Run away quickly and far. Such a story could only be said during natural disasters such as typhoons and earthquakes.

“What are you going to do? Whoever you are, you need to treat your injuries first. That body belongs to Sirone!"

“I am Sirone.”

Sirone raised her head to the ceiling. A cold gaze slowly descended and turned to Amy.

“Are you disappointed?”

Amy gasped and said nothing.

Sirone strengthened her spirit by containing her great resentment. The sound of blood vessels bursting could be heard sadly under the skin.

When the laser was cast, a flash of light the thickness of a log shot up to the ceiling. The ceiling began to shake as the thermal energy accumulated rapidly.

“Sirone! wait for a sec… … !”

"Dangerous! We have to run!”

Reina grabbed Amy's wrist and ran to the exit.

As they left the pantry, an explosion erupted from Sirone's side.

The shockwave knocked the floor apart, and the two turned their heads while lying down. A huge rock had fallen and blocked the entrance to the food storage.

* * *

The music of the court musicians sounded discordant.

An earthquake shook the Grand Hall, and the women sat down screaming. The men also looked around with terrified expressions.

“Is it an earthquake? Kazura doesn’t belong to the birth belt, right?”

“Everyone get down! Get under the table!”

At the shouts of the guards, the nobles crawled into the table. The person who took the seat first and the person who arrived last had a physical fight. It was like watching a bullfight.

The earthquake lasted about a minute and then stopped.

The aristocrats who came to their senses crawled out of the table with embarrassed expressions.

Orkamp and Eliza, who were supported by the royal knights, also had pale faces.

No earthquake has ever been reported in Khazra's history. An ominous foreboding flashed through Orkamp's mind.

The north side of the Grand Hall exploded with a bang. Bricks splattered in all directions, and smoke billowed.

A handful of nobles who had longed for it lost their reason. Falling to the floor, they struggled meaninglessly with their arms and legs.

The first group to grasp the situation were the royal castle guards and the personal bodyguards of nobles.

Realizing that it was not a natural disaster, royal knights surrounded the king and queen, and personal bodyguards closely followed the nobles.

“Is it a raid? what's the matter?"

The guards searched for Litney Walker, the head of the bodyguard. The man who had been there just a moment ago was nowhere to be seen.

The chain of command was thrown into chaos.

If you are a terrorist of an enemy country, you must raise the security level to the highest level. However, there were too many difficult factors to make a decision ignoring the orders of the superior.

For a while nothing happened.

Nobles tried not to lose their dignity. I hid my thoughts and looked through the hole in the floor.

However, when In-young soared, he hit his butt as if he had never done that.

“That… … Sirone?”

Orkamp muttered with a puzzled expression.

It was none other than Sirone who appeared after making a mess of the Grand Hall.

I remember dancing with Reina just an hour ago. But why is she doing this?

“Sirone, what the hell are you doing?”

The royal knights blocked the front of Orkamp.

“Your Highness, don't approach me. Something is strange.”

Even in Orkamp's eyes, Sirone's appearance was clearly different from that of an hour ago. He seemed like a different person just by changing the color of his eyes, but the most disparate thing was his impression.

Sirone doesn't make such an emotional expression. He, who had maintained a calm poker face under any circumstances, was now frowning painfully.

“These days, the castle has good durability. Humans have evolved quite a bit too.”

The guardsman approached with his foot in a posture.

“Sirone-sama, it is strictly forbidden to use magic in the castle… … !”

Sirone fired the photon cannon without looking back.

The guard knight who threw his body rolled on the floor at the same time as the fall. A burst of photon cannons chased after him, scratching the marble floor.

“From now on, no one will make fun of me without my permission. I make my judgment.”

That Sirone was sincere was proved by the previous attack. If the response of the guard knight had been a little late, the photon cannon's bombardment would have shattered his limbs.

In an instant, the air in the Grand Hall turned cold. The aristocrats looked at each other, but their expressions were incomprehensible.

For several days, the sirones they evaluated were herbivores. A docile and honest prey that is easy to use.

But now, the feeling that Sirone conveyed was ferocious enough to be frenzied, even to nobles who had gone through all the battles before birth.

The guards waited for the commander's order in place of the missing Walker. However, a person who had been outside of responsibility could not make such a crucial decision carelessly.

“Captain, what should I do? Please give me instructions!”

The commander rolled his eyes nervously.

The main troops are stationed outside the castle, so it will take time to come even if you contact them. From the beginning, it was abnormal for the incident to happen in the Grand Hall, the heart of the castle.

“Captain! instructions! Shall we activate the magic control device?”

The lieutenant's face contorted.

"I know that's easier said than done, you idiot!"

The Magic Control Device interferes with the wizard's concentration. However, the effect did not cover Pia. When the magical power control device is activated, the magicians of the allies will also be tied limbs.

'Damn it, what should I do? Should I turn on the controls? But just to catch one, making all allies' mages useless? If something goes wrong, should I take care of the back? No, where did this walker disappear to?'

As it is a matter related to the king's safety, a decision must be made considering all possible variables.

However, the thoughts of the deputy commander, weighed down by the burden, eventually ended with escaping reality and resentment toward Walker.

“Controls are a last resort. Why don't you leave it to us instead?"

The unit commander turned his head as if he had met the savior. Khazra's head of magic, Aimar Bossun, was walking.

“Ah, are you really okay?”

“Our department has been closely monitoring Sirone's movements. It seems that he finally showed his true colors. But we alone are enough to overwhelm them. With the security manager's permission, can we use magic?"

"of course. If you do your best... … .”

It is far better to have two than to take on the responsibility alone. In addition, Bossun has a strong influence in the royal castle, so even if Sadal comes out, he will not ignore it.

Bossun gave a fake smile and moved on to Sirone. Then, one by one, Bosun's subordinates escaped from the crowd of nobles and followed him.

“I will stand by your side, sir.”

The seat next to Bosoon was occupied by Mito Ekkashi, who was closest to him.

He was 153 cm tall, had thick eyes, and had a childlike face with fiercely torn eyes.

Having traveled to many battlefields since he was young, he was a new member of the Kazura Magic Department who rose to the official rank of 6th at the age of twenty-three.

Of course, there are extreme geniuses like Olifer Shiina, who reached the official 6th grade at the age of 20. However, such people only appeared once every 10 years even at the kingdom level, so if it was Ekashi, it would be fair to call them the future of Kazura.

"It's an unexpected good news, sir."

“Hmm, unexpected things tend to turn into bad things. But I can say that you are right this time.”

Casting magic in the palace is a grave sin. Furthermore, since Sirone attacked the Royal Guard knight and even uttered words of treason, it was as if he had branded himself a death row inmate.

“Yes, what made the candidate for the first prince so angry?”

Sirone glared coldly at Bossun.

She is herself who wanted to slap him on the chin just an hour ago. But now I didn't even think about it. He just wanted to kill him.

"It's you, the one who drives me crazy."

Bosoon's heart beat fast at the 100% purity of life, which is hard to see as human.

However, the momentum did not lag behind in the slightest. Gently turning his chin, he spoke to the royal guard.

“Take Your Highness with you and evacuate. I will take care of this place.”

"All right. Your Highness, please go.”

Orkamp shook off the hand of the royal knight.

We don't know why Sirone suddenly changed, but if he leaves, Bossun will kill her somehow. In that case, he had no choice but to hand over his seat to the Terra Ze faction.

“Who said you were running away? Who is the king to you?”

“Oh, sorry!”

Sensing the mistake, the guardsmen knelt. Since the situation was urgent, I followed Bosun's words.

Of course, if the case were different, it would have been enough. However, it was true that Bosoon was careless considering that he was part of the Theraze faction.

---------------------------------------