[391] Battle Readiness (4)

“Photonic shaping. More advanced from fractal.”

Canis muttered with a nervous expression.

Making wings with light is proof that plastic surgery has transcended the realm of photons.

Sirone was already aware of incarnation.

“How far do you know?”

Harvest spoke through the mental channel.

-If it's a stage where you can use a certain magic, you should consider it ahead of us. It seems that Immortal Function wasn't the only reason he passed the cowardice.

If so, the sense of incongruity Kannis felt at the time could also be explained.

"It's clearer."

Canis turned to Arin.

"What are you talking about?"

“Sirone’s wings have become clearer.”

Canis tilted her head. It was not common for her to refer to the shape of a particular object.

'Come to think of it… … .'

On Galliant Island, Arin asked if Sirone was blonde.

At the time, I didn't think much of it, but after hearing what Harvest said, I couldn't just ignore it.

“What the hell does Sirone look like? Can you explain?”

“Sirone.”

"huh?"

“Sirone is Sirone. I vaguely guessed from before, but now I know, that I was watching the incarnation of Sirone.”

Arin cannot analyze the shape reflected in menarche. However, the form of incarnation born from the number of the law never changes.

“It is not incarnation. Sirone is the incarnation.”

That was the conclusion of Arin's mental transcendence.

“Hmm.”

Canis looked back at Sirone with a serious expression.

There must be a difference between incarnation and incarnation. I couldn't imagine what the result would be when they were attached head-on.

“What do you mean your wings are sharper?”

“It was there at the time, the wings on Sirone’s back.”

"what?"

When we met at Galliant, Sirone didn't have the skill of wide wings. But how did he see the wings?

“Is it like a feeling?”

Arin shook his head.

“There is no feeling in the incarnation. just an incarnation But it wasn't as clear as it is now. It was placed in a transparent form as if created by the wind. But now it is colored golden.”

Arin is not a foresight. That's why it was highly likely that the wing of Sirone she saw was possessed by an incarnation.

'The incarnation has wings?'

If Sirone further strengthens the power of incarnation in the future, will wings really sprout from his shoulders?

There is probably no one in the world who can give an answer to that.

Sirone bent her knees as she watched the navigation magic fixed in front of her eyes.

'one two… … .'

The arrow finally pointed to the sky.

'three!'

At the same time, the wings of the wings flapped and the body soared.

The acceleration created by pushing the mass down at the speed of sub-light was tremendous, and everyone raised their heads in surprise.

It was the realm of intuition to check the direction, distance, and speed within 0.8 seconds and cast teleportation.

The trickiest thing is that the navigation's suggestions change during teleportation.

In the end, it is possible to judge only when the turn is over, and a loss of about 0.2 seconds occurs here.

That 0.2 second should have been the time that could be shortened with the God Particles proposed by the association.

'This is the beginning!'

Gwangik met that standard exactly.

pop!

During the teleportation, the wings flapped and the direction of the flash was bent vertically.

pop! pop! pop!

As explosive sounds exploded one after another, Sirone carried out the navigation's suggestion without error.

“Aww!”

The pressure of the gravitational acceleration due to the sudden change of direction was entirely up to Sirone.

Every time the direction was bent, the blood in the veins was concentrated to one side and the muscles were torn.

Armand's diamond armament would be able to remove the risk factor on its own, but at present he was naked.

The stronger the pressure, the more intense the flapping of the wings. Even if the body is broken, it cannot be stopped.

It was a flight to become a wizard.

“Wow, is that for real?”

The difference of 0.2 seconds was passed on to students on the ground. It was a completely different trajectory from normal teleportation.

Knowing how hard it can be to turn around while casting, they felt terrified.

“Isn’t that what breaks from the sky? It must have been under several times the gravity.”

"But if you can hold on, it's on a different level from teleportation."

It is different from the sense of rhythm of the movement.

As long as there was no off-beat, there was a high chance that the victim would accept it as a completely new tactic.

Numerically, it was a huge gain.

Assuming a battle of 100 turns, it meant that he could take the desired coordinates 20 seconds faster than the opponent.

Also, that was the true meaning of the 0.2 seconds currently practiced by Sirone.

'When will it end?'

The navigation system was persistently harassing Sirone as if it had the ability to think. The reverse direction is the basic, and vertical rise has been requested in succession from vertical fall.

How far have you flown?

The site of the magic school looked small enough to fit inside the circle made by fingers.

No series of movement evaluations require such a vast space. What are the alternative associations?

'No, this is right!'

Sirone believed blindly. God's particles are his own, but there will be no errors in the standards calculated by his pros.

Finally, the arrow pointed towards the magic school.

The speed suggested by the navigation is more than 300 kilometers per hour on average. The distance was 5.4 km.

'Go in in 65 seconds?'

Distance that can be reached by linking teleportation 540 times. The problem is that it cannot receive the force of acceleration because the inertia is initialized.

It wasn't a photon series from the beginning. What the association requested was the mechanics of mass, that is, a movement containing acceleration.

“Whoa!”

Shirone cut off the start with a teleportation, and from there swung the light wing at full speed. Every time the wings struck the air, the sound of a gong flew toward the school.

180 kilometers per hour. 220 kilometers per hour. 280 kilometers per hour.

At the moment of covering a distance of 2.4 kilometers, it finally exceeded 300 kilometers per hour.

However, since it suffered losses in the early stages of acceleration, it had to fly faster to meet the average speed.

“Mmmmm!”

The situation where the field of view was so narrow that only the navigation was visible was no different from the feeling of falling off a cliff.

Sirone only focused on speed. There's no way a navigation system would drive a student into a rock wall.

340 kilometers per hour.

The area of ​​the light wing was doubled. The power equivalent to a photon cannon fluttered, and the acceleration soared.

440 kilometers per hour.

I heard the sound of fire burning in my eardrums. Magic school was approaching at breakneck speed.

'wait for a sec… … '

A thought came to my mind at that moment.

Who guarantees that navigation won't send you into a rock wall?

That is just the vague expectation psychology of a person driven into a dead end, not a rational judgment.

The only reliable information is that the navigation simply points to the school's coordinates.

'I'm really going crazy!'

Sirone pulled the light wing to her body.

Acceleration is already attached as it should. However, if you lose speed, you will be eliminated. The only safety device to save life was air resistance.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa!

Sirone passed through the body of air, feeling a violent vibration. He knew for the first time that air was such a hard substance.

The students who found Sirone jumped up.

"damage! Falling here is the end!”

but where can i go? Since the exact arrival point could not be predicted, only the upper body swayed left and right.

The navigation system brought out the last offer only when it arrived at the evaluation site. dot. It meant that it would be good for the gods to stop here.

“Huh!”

Sirone widened her eyes and swung her wide wings forward.

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

There was a sound that seemed to tear the eardrums. The dust from the training ground was pushed out, spreading a haze in front.

The students turned their heads and frowned as they listened to the deafening tinnitus.

But soon, with a fearful expression, he shifted his gaze to the spectacle of dust.

Imagining Sirone's corpse turned to blood, it would have been better if the dust hadn't cleared.

“Sirone?”

Maya moved on with a pale face. But her body stiffened and she could not move forward.

“Sirone! Sirone!”

Amy and her friends ran past her to the evaluation site.

flutter!

A slow, loud sound blew dust in all directions. Nade, who ate the soil, spit and spit, then looked ahead.

The Sirone floating 5 meters in the air was slowly flapping its wings as it descended to the ground.

“Sirone, are you okay?”

Sirone responded with a smile and turned her gaze to Maya. Her exhilarating ecstasy filled her as she slumped down with her relieved look on her face.

It was clearly an antinomic feeling.

"I'm fine. Let’s finish the evaluation first.”

When the light wing was folded and extinguished, the golden fragments spread brilliantly for an instant, then disappeared.

The assessment teacher started recording.

“Sirone, you have passed the Movement Control Master difficulty. With this, today's score is 30 points.”

It fell short of Fermi's 100 points, but the heads of everyone in the senior class were bound to become complicated again.

All Masters Fermi. Even though he is not an all-master, Sirone has surpassed Fermi's capabilities.

Still, the confrontation between the two was close to ice.

'This makes it more difficult. Isn't this really going to break Fermi?'

With the exception of Fermi and the others, it was only natural that there would be conflicts since they were the ones who risked life and death in this graduation exam.

Electric Monster Lichen said with cold eyes.

"This is the first time I've seen such a tough guy. Fermi, slowly... … !”

Lichen's face froze as she turned her head.

Fermi's pupils were not normal. The right pupil was rolled up and the left pupil was pushed to the side.

It was the true monster hidden behind the mask of a businessman.

'Damn it, the only thing we can do is to commit suicide together.'

regular eaters. No matter how cool-headed he may be, the inside of him is a twisted monster.

It's unlikely, but if Fermi starts to move emotionally, he'll see a huge loss.

‘How much do you earn per month? … .'

I thought it might be better to just send Sirone.

“Hey, Fermi. you… … .”

“Call an emergency meeting. All executives gather around the golden ring.”

Fermi gave a brief instruction and walked away.

As if seeing a ghost whose features had disappeared, Lichen couldn't remember Fermi's face a moment ago.

* * *

The evaluation of the occupation of the high ground is approaching in two days.

Students would gather secretly for strategy meetings, and even those who hadn't decided on a team would have to make a decision by now.

As befits a mock evaluation of the graduation exam, everything from team composition to competition was autonomous.

You can point to the team you want, and if you are pointed out multiple times or not, it is decided to draw a marble.

Until now, the only team with all members revealed was the Sirone team.

On the other hand, the screamer team was still shrouded in mystery. At least, that was the case for the Sirone team.

'Are you going to be in the music room today?'

Sirone entered the graduating class building. At the request of Iruki, he was the one who went to find Maya earlier than the scheduled time for the strategy meeting.

As expected, the sound of singing came from the music room, and the feelings of the day when the sunset was setting came to mind and my heart started to beat.

As I slowly opened the door and entered, Maya turned her head with a bright smile.

“Oh, Sirone! What are you doing here? We were supposed to meet later.”

Sirone felt like he didn't even know. Even though she felt a sense of distance, she was more friendly than anyone else at times like this.

“Iruki asked if I could do it a little faster. He said he remembered the custom strategy of the screamer team.”

"Oh, I see. Where would you like to see it?”

After closing the piano, Maya stood up and walked past Sirone to the door. She smelled like milk from her, like her child.

---------------------------------------