[643] Dead End (3)

A star that orbits the intellect, and a satellite that orbits and assists that star.

As he held out a card that was too dangerous to carry around as a joke, Ryman became a dumb dumb.

'Ivory Tower? No, why are you here in the ivory tower?'

While not daring to ask, Olivia stepped forward.

“I am Olivia, assistant principal of this school. What's your business with Sirone?”

“It's not really a big deal. It happens all the time around the world at this time of year.”

Arte, slightly bent at the waist, showed her face to Sirone.

"Congratulations. I entered the list of candidates for the title of star in the ivory tower.”

“What?”

The eyes of the senior class as well as the senior students were wide-eyed.

Three huge lines dividing the magic world.

It is a fact known to anyone aspiring to be a wizard that there is a white line in addition to black and red.

However, since the place is an ivory tower, only students accept it as knowledge, and expect it to be related to their lives only by students who like delusion.

Olivia, knowing that fact, asked with a blank expression.

“Sirone is… … Are you saying you are the best of the graduates in the world?”

Even she didn't know the selection criteria of the ivory tower, but since ancient times, those who can receive the title of star have always been the best in a certain field.

Therefore, if the candidate was to be decided among the students, it should have been the best among the graduates.

“It's a little different this time. Rank 1 is a bit ambiguous. That's why I say it's a candidate group. Sirone is ranked 4th by the standards of the ivory tower and along with 2nd and 3rd place will be put to a brief test to see if she is fit for the title of star.”

“Fourth… … .”

Ranking in the ivory tower meant ranking fourth among graduates worldwide.

'Sirone, you really are a monster.'

There was no disagreement because he had seen the graduation exam with his own eyes, and the next thought that came to his mind was that there were as many as three more people who ranked higher than Sirone.

“We will set up a separate space to discuss the details. Originally, the screening was done by 2-star residents, but I was forced to come here because it is currently idle.”

The tone was soft, but it was also a request not to take up too long the time of a 3-star villager.

“Then shall we go?”

Arte raised a fan and pointed at the school building, and Sirone turned to her friends.

No matter who said it first, he nodded, and Nade pointed his finger and puffed out his mouth.

'What are you doing! Go fast, fool!'

Seeing that desperate expression, he nodded his head.

"I understand."

Arte was about to turn around with a hearty smile, but Laiman, who had been watching the situation so far, stepped forward.

“Please wait a moment.”

A voice came from behind, but Arte did not look back and spread his fan to cover his face.

I could only guess that it was a little annoyed.

"What happened?"

"Even if it's an ivory tower, isn't this out of order? Currently, Sirone is a criminal who committed serious crimes in the kingdom... … .”

“Whoa.”

Arte, who gently blew the wind out of his mouth, slowly lifted the fan that was covering his face.

“Landscape Wind.”

daughter and daughter.

A clear bell sounded in Sirone's ears.

It was too loud to be a sound coming from a small bell at the end of a fan, and everyone's faces stiffened as if they were thinking the same thing.

'This time… … .'

In the feeling of slowing down, only Arte's right arm, holding a fan, was moving.

“Executor! Dangerous!”

Sensing the intent to kill, the bodyguards passed in front of Laiman and pulled out their swords, and at the same time the fan made a popping sound and pushed the wind to the back.

“Aaaaaaaaa!”

As a huge gale raged, the swordsmen drove their swords into the ground.

It felt like the walls were pushing against it rather than the wind, and it felt like my flesh was being ripped from my bones as it was being pushed away.

“Aaaaaaaaa!”

I tried to hold on with the pride of the royal guards, but it was not the wind power that humans could handle, so both feet finally floated and flew away to the other side of the sky.

Tokay, clinging to Arte's shoulders, put his hands on his eyes and watched the grass, trees, people, and wagons all disappear over the horizon.

There was nothing left in the place where the gale had blown.

Even the teachers couldn't close their open mouths at the power that pushed away even a single drop of grass, and a shudder ran down the spine of Sirone, who was watching in front of them.

'Blo-type magic.'

But can we call this the Blow series?

It wasn't wind, it was a typhoon, and it was no wonder that Gaold floated to the surface with the power of another dimension of magic.

“No two words are the same, no matter how ivory tower.”

As Arte fluttered the fan with a displeased expression, a small bell sounded.

It was a separate act from magic, but just hearing the jingling made the students shrug their shoulders.

“It seems that the delivery did not go well. I'll say it again. Sirone-kun has entered the list of candidates for the title of star in the ivory tower.”

It was the same story as before, but this time it was delivered correctly.

“Let’s go. It remains for me to solve one hundred and eighty-seven problems in this world. I hope Sirone-kun will drop it to one hundred and eighty-six as soon as possible.”

Sirone nodded slowly at the irresistible feeling, and Arte turned at an exact right angle and walked towards Alpheas.

“Can I use the conference room?”

"However much."

From the school's point of view, if the Ivory Tower gave it to them, it would relieve the burden of solving Sirone's agenda.

However, what was worrisome was the expression of a group of candidates, not a clear candidate.

'Maybe this is the only chance for Sirone.'

Looking at Sirone and her friends following Arte, Alpheas prayed earnestly.

'I hope I can hold this string.'

After entering the meeting room, Sirone looked at her friends in front of the door and looked at Arte.

“Hey, I’m sorry, but can my friends come too?”

It was promised to help once negotiations began.

“Oh, no. We can wait outside.”

Quick-witted Amy waved her hands, but Arte was fine if she could just finish it quickly.

“It doesn't matter if it helps you judge. Have a seat.”

Seizing the opportunity to sit with the star of the ivory tower is more difficult than having an audience with the king, so Amy, Iruki, and Nade entered the conference room excitedly.

As Sirone sat across from Arte, Tokay jumped down on the table and walked over.

Tokei, whose spear-like tail was crossed over his face, smiled expectantly.

“Nice to meet you. He definitely looks like a different person from what I saw in his profile.”

I couldn't tell if it meant good or bad.

"Ah yes. Nice to meet you."

As Sirone quietly grabbed his tail, Tokay nodded as if he was correct.

In that state, Sirone asked Arte.

“You said evaluation. Are you being tested?”

"Do not worry. It's not a particularly difficult test. The really difficult thing is that the two competitors have a higher Kar value than Sirone-kun.”

“Kar shame?”

“Let me explain from the beginning. Because the most accurate delivery is the fastest.”

As Tokay waggled his tail, a blue glowing text was engraved in the air.

It was the record from 1st to 4th place in the documents Taesung received.

Arte looked at it and said.

“These are the records from the Ivory Tower. As you can see, the first place is La Enemy. Karr's figure is 98.7 percent. Originally, Lee should receive the title of a star... … .”

As Arte waited and gave them time, Sirone and his friends slowly looked at the records.

Certainly, it was significantly higher than Dahlia Nane's 89.4 percent, which came in second place.

“La Enemy… … . Wait, La Enemy?”

When Sirone, who suddenly realized, looked away, Arte nodded.

"yes. This is Ankera's previous life that Sirone-kun erased. It can be considered a later life in terms of time, but the Ivory Tower sees his incarnation as a previous life. That’s why there is still no special movement in heaven.”

Sirone said with a serious expression.

“But if Ra was born, an incident would happen soon. Do you have any countermeasures?”

"well. It's something humans have to figure out.”

Arte added, flapping his fan.

“The Last War is certainly an important event for humanity, but it is not something that will interest the entire population of the Ivory Tower. That's the case with me. Of course, some stars seem to be paying attention.”

It was a word that was not easily understood.

“If war breaks out, mankind could be destroyed, right?”

“It is not life and death. What the Ivory Tower values ​​is the balance of the world. I see war as a process of restoring balance.”

Arte tapped the table with a fan at the sight of Sirone frowning as if he was reluctant.

“I am not opposed to Sirone-kun’s idea. If you are interested in this, you can become a star and work for the Human Security Enforcement Department. After all, since we are also human beings, we want to be on the side of humans as much as possible.”

It was a strangely frightening word.

Since it was an interview for the best job in the world, Amy changed the subject to prevent a clash between the two.

“So what is Karsuchi?”

“It is the standard of the ivory tower for finding the right person for the stars. It's a metaphysical concept, so it's hard to explain in words, but if you have to define it, you can call it perfection.”

Iruki tilted his head.

“Isn’t everything relative? What is your standard for perfection?”

“There are no standards. Perfection is just perfect.”

It seemed like it would make sense, but it was a difficult concept to dig into.

In any case, if that means perfection, the Sirone's 88.9 percent figure is astonishing.

' It means almost perfect.'

That's why he was able to rise to the list of candidates for the ivory tower.

'but… … .'

Amy's gaze turned to the names of Dahlia Nane and Jin Seong-eum.

If the woman with the surname Jin was from the Jincheon Empire, she would be a member of the royal family, and the child Nane was 0.5 percent closer to perfection than Sirone.

“How will Sirone compete with them?”

“As an incarnation of Ra, I made an unusual decision even in the Ivory Tower. It gives a chance to the top three people in the 0.5 percent range of Karr. It's simple. as soon as… … .”

Everyone's eyes focused on Arte's lips.

“You just need to find La Enemy.”

“Ra… … You want me to find it?”

"yes. There is no deadline, and the method is irrelevant. If you find Ra and return to the Ivory Tower, you will become a star.”

They say it's as easy as breathing, but it wasn't simple.

Even if I set out to find it, I couldn't even figure out where to start.

Nade asked curtly.

“Aren’t you leaving the job in the name of a test? Ask Sirone to find something you couldn’t find even in the Ivory Tower.”

"ha ha ha! That's right too. Currently, there are 27 residents who have received the title of star in the ivory tower. Due to the nature of traveling around the world, there is a shortage of manpower.”

“No, there is not enough manpower… … .”

“But Sirone.”

Arte interrupted Nade and showed his face.

“Becoming a star means having absolute authority that transcends national boundaries. Even the king has to follow your standards.”

That is the ivory tower.

“If you can't even find Ra, you can't get the title of a star. How is it? If you want to be tested, I will contact the upper management.”

Sirone, who was lost in thought with half-closed eyes, raised her head.

"no. I will not go to the ivory tower.”

“What, what?”

Her friends looked at her with absurd eyes, but Sirone did not waver.

“Hmm.”

Tokay scratched his chin and smiled meaningfully, while Arte covered his mouth with a fan and his cold eyes flashed.

'As expected, the candidates... … .'

close to perfect

---------------------------------------