Face to Face(4)

As 12 people, centered on Sirone, knelt down, a commotion was heard from the allied forces.

"Who is it?"

Very few people knew the identity.

“Those… …

said Zulu, feeling Maze's eyes catch fire.

“Be careful. The battle is not over yet.”

With the Hand of God, the army of Heaven was scattered all over the world, but with their abilities, it was an instant to gather again.

Among the 12 apostles, a black woman with long limbs and well-developed muscles spoke.

"Forgive me for being late. Looking for where the Messiah is going... …

It was the black dragon Abyris.

She was wearing a gypsy-style skirt and clad in accessories with the meaning of witchcraft.

He has an arrogant personality to the point of calling himself the Black King, Gwangpokryongmi, and always quarrels with Gwangryong, his natural enemy, but is always polite in front of the Messiah.

Phaeton smiled uncharacteristically for a boy.

“Hey, is that slow or something? You have to keep your head upright and take a look.”

Sirone's quantum transmission transcends the light speed barrier, so in reality, Phaeton was only belatedly tracking it.

Earth Dragon Gaitan sternly scolded.

“Don’t be cocky. Competition is always welcome, but teamwork is also important to fulfill the will of the Messiah.” It was a dark-skinned giant with extremely well-developed shoulder muscles, and was actually the best among the 12 apostles in terms of physical strength.

Sirone apologized.

"sorry. It was a situation where there would be setbacks if the simultaneous events were not developed. But we’ve bought time, so we’ll go ahead as planned.”

The 12 apostles bowed their heads.

“I follow the will of the Messiah.”

After shaking off Gangnan's hand, Miro approached.

“Isn’t there something we need to do before that? If it wasn't for me, Sirone couldn't stop the atomic bomb. After all, aren’t you guys saying your calculations are wrong?”

The Fire Dragon Inpercus licked his lips.

"whatever? So you sent it?” Miro raised his head, rather excitedly.

“Ho-ho-ho!”

She stopped laughing and glared ferociously.

“It was so exciting when we tied it up and beat it up, right? Will you suffer this time?” As if to prove their sincerity, the incarnation of Guanshi Yin with thousands of hands emerged with a mad smile.

The dragon, Argan, raised both hands and stopped the maze.

“Everything went well, but don’t fight. Aren’t they each having their own circumstances?”

He was a tall man with a white face like a clown and black eye makeup.

She had a terrifying impression with her lips torn apart with a black rouge.

"shut up. The one you hit hurt the most.”

“No, that… … Because work is work.”

As Argan scratched his head in a quarrel, the white dragon, Assryker, stood up.

"sorry."

In an instant, the hall became silent.

“I apologize for what happened before. Now that we have come to follow the Messiah, from now on we will treat you according to our relationship with the Messiah.” Even more than the maze, the people around me were stunned.

' beautiful.'

No, an indescribable charm seemed to cover her whole body.

'It's not attractive. It's magical power.'

Even the cool-headed Lufist was dizzy, and even the women, Tess and Amy, couldn't take their eyes off her.

It must have been because he was focusing on Miro right now, but if he made eye contact, anyone's legs would go numb and collapse.

"?red."

Miro also had already experienced Baekryong's best.

Although she doesn't have the ability to dispel magic like Sirone, Senseum, who has no blind spots, endured by hitting an iron wall against all senses.

'However, it is impossible to engage in delicate combat in this state. If so, can this also be considered an attack?'

In any case, if the 12 apostles followed Sirone, it also met the purpose of the maze.

“Okay, then let’s get down to business. Si Lone, there must be a reason why you flew the army of heaven.”

"yes. For now, that was my limit.”

Sirone spoke frankly.

“Hand of God is an example of an aggressive use of Idea’s link. It uses the user's will in the form of a hand.”

As everyone looked up at the sky, a huge hand of light gave an OK sign with their index finger and thumb.

Miro lowered her head and asked.

“What does that mean? Of course, it will take time for the entire line to form, but there is no special defense method.”

It was only to fight back.

"no."

Sirone shook her head.

“From now on, defeat the armies of Heaven individually.

I will.”

"huh?"

Everyone blinked.

A carriage that came out of the temple quickly ran towards Vasuka.

Dorothy was on the left and Aromi was on the right.

And on the bed opposite... … .

“Quantum transfer?”

Sirone was there.

"huh. It’s Hexa’s ability.”

When Sirone raised his index finger, the hexagonal hexa was quickly turned.

"It's also the first ability I created."

In fact, Guffin could have done it, but it was correct to say that there was no need for it.

“Everybody was strong in the days of the Gaians. Not just force, what should I say? Do you think everyone said they looked like guffins?” It took time to get to Baska, so this rookie could listen calmly.

“My first thought after receiving the Omega from Karatorsa was that I couldn’t do that.”

“Currently, mankind is not that strong.”

“… … unfortunately. So I thought. What is the most efficient way to use the Ultima system?”

“Is that the ability you just described?”

Iruki couldn't believe it.

"huh. Quantum transfer is... … . Ah, the 12 apostles have just arrived. Anyway, the quantum transfer song... …

Dorothy held out her hand.

"wait for a sec. I don't understand, so you're in Baska, and you're in this place, and you're exchanging information?”

Sirone shook her head.

“No, it is not two separate things. Because there is only one me in this world.”

“But now you… …

“Yes, I am also in Baska. Well, how can I easily explain this? okay."

Said Sirone, who flicked her finger.

“Actually, there is no city called Basuka. They do not exist in this world.”

“Hmm.”

While Iruki nodded as if he had realized something, Shirone pointed at the window.

“Dorothy, what do you think is out there?”

There were curtains on the windows.

“Well, mountains or forests? animals or

what… …

Dorothy stopped talking and blinked.

“You mean nothing?”

"okay. At least for us as observers.”

When Sirone pulled back the curtains, a wide meadow was revealed.

“And the moment we observe like this, the world is born.”

Aromi, an outsider, asked an innocent question.

“Then what if I pull back the curtains incredibly fast? So fast that you can't even see it. Then will it be confirmed that there is nothing?”

"haha."

Sirone laughed, but didn't feel bad.

It must have been because there was a feeling that it was a good question.

“Common sense imagination is like that. But when you extend it to the realm of thought, everything that exists in this world can never overtake the background signal. I am confined to a solid wall.”

“What is that wall?”

"hour."

"ah?… ”

“It’s called the light-speed barrier. The basic signals that make up this world are photons. It's not because the light is fast, but because it's basic, you can't overtake it. Therefore, the speed of light is constant, and no matter how fast the curtains are pulled back, you cannot see the background.”

Aromi always nodded her head.

“Hoo, that’s right. No matter how fast the arrow is, if time stops, it won't be able to move forward. Oh, is this example correct?”

“Exactly.”

A smile appeared on Aromi's face.

“Huh, now I understand. After all, everyone trapped in the photon system cannot transcend the speed of light.”

"yes."

Sirone nodded and added.

“But I can transcend.” With Aromi's mouth gaping blankly, Iruki smiled.

“Is that quantum transport?”

"huh. The mind can transcend the speed of light. Actually imagining the end of the universe is incomparably faster than light.”

Dorothy asked.

“But isn’t that just imagining?”

“Even that doesn’t change anything. In fact, even now, Baska still exists.

isn't it?”

“That is our position. therefore… … You're the only one here, and you won't know whether you're in Baska or not until you observe it, I get it. The problem is you. The feeling of being in different spaces at the same time doesn’t seem logical.”

“That's because humans have one mind and one body. In fact, on other planets, a single brain can drive millions of creatures. Their logic must be different from that of humans.”

Sirone spread his palm and raised the index and middle fingers of the opposite hand vertically.

“These two fingers are in different spaces, but I can tell immediately which one moves. Of course, this is not an exact example. This is transmitted through nerves, but I am connected by quantum signals.”

“It is the heart.”

said Iruki.

“It’s an integrated mental system.”

"huh. I found a way to maximize the power of the Ultima system. Of course, since I am only one person, the system will not be strengthened. You can only defeat enemies individually. And above all... …

Sirone's eyes changed sharply.

“This is the only way to unite the human mind the fastest.”

Iruki realized.

'This guy really... …

He was thinking of reviving the Ultima system.

“Does the range matter?”

"huh. There is no courtship of space. Because that's my heart. step."

Sirone placed her index and middle fingers on her palm again.

“It is the heart after all. If I, in the two spaces, observe each other's existence, one will inevitably disappear.”

The moment their fingers met, Sirone quickly moved her middle finger out of her palm.

"Right."

Iruki's head turned.

“Nevertheless, strategically enough. In summary, if you exist in a region where you cannot observe each other, then the phenomenon you described is possible, right?”

* O” Heh.

Sirone in both spaces said the same thing.

“Simultaneous events.”

Dante, Amy, and Nade, as well as Miro, all had dazed expressions.

“What kind of nonsense are you talking about?” While Lian had already given up on understanding, Poine, the venomous dragon, burst into laughter.

“Chuck! Did the young wife live only by being deceived? The power of our Messiah moves the heavens.”

u tsu ” X.

Miro looked at him with a hard look, but he was right.

'Hmm, that's why they were forcibly disbanded. The basis of the idea is the Ultima system. It's definitely a good way.'

After thinking, Miro asked.

“What are the criteria for transmission? If space didn't exist, we wouldn't be able to take coordinates.”

"that's right. It needs a quantum signal from the observer. In other words, you cannot go where there are no people.”

“What is that?”

With Sirone's mobility, it was a wall that could be crossed.

“Then from now on… …

After explaining the simultaneous incident, Si Lone turned to everyone and said.

“I will assemble a team to fight with me.”

No one came forward.

Because there will be sirone on every team.