
[446] Mental Armament (1)





The two iron wheel eyes interlock to form the world, and everything changes within it.

That is the Sun and Moon Halo.

It is a technique that made Sein the strongest person in the Black Line mental system, allowing him to perfectly control the environment within the range of equalizing horizontal values.

That is, if the horizontal value is 100, it is possible to increase the force to 99 instead of reducing the speed to 1.

Depending on the setting, the transformation value is infinite, so the actual mechanism is not that intuitive, but depending on how you handle it, it contains formidable potential to defeat opponents superior to you.



- New program detection. quest.



Babel's halo immediately recognized the change in the world.

The biggest change was that Sein's speed was exceeding hers.

It's not that Sein has sped up or Babel has slowed down.

To be precise, it was the result of equalizing the relative speed of the two objects.

Babel's deadly response method, which had reached 2.7 billion, fell sharply to only 2 million.

It's been a long time since Babel calculated this far for a single individual, and a human at that.

Of course, there are still 2 million possibilities to instantly kill the world.

But what really scares Babel is that it's a completely unruly program that doesn't even feel relieved about it.

No carelessness, no impatience.

Babel only repeated the existing calculations and dutifully pressured the world.

'It's really tricky.'

It was mental power that Sain, who equalized hundreds of environments that led to an advantage in battle, dropped to level the level.

His spirit zone is as huge as Jonah's, as he is one of the few spirit-type wizards, but it was now reduced to an area of ??only 20 square meters.

Babel went into close combat without delay.

If the number of deadly countermeasures increased to 830,000, there was no reason to refuse.

'It's a monster. There is no gap at all.'

It was a force that even Sein, who had dealt with numerous strong people, had no choice but to stick out his tongue.

It wasn't a transcendent ability, but the combat power derived from the flawless algorithm was comparable to that of an angel.

keying! keying!

Every time Babel's capital brushed Sein's cheek, a sharp roar pierced his eardrum.

'I'm already caught in a trap.'

There was a feeling that Babel was beginning to be sure of something.

Can't stand it.

If things went on like this, Sein's head would fall off in the next 10 seconds.



-Death response method: 32,564.



A cause produces an effect, and the effect in turn becomes the cause of a new effect.

The number of countermeasures dropped exponentially as all causal factors that occurred from the beginning of the battle contributed to the current result.

And that meant only one thing.

'Die!'

Even at the moment Sein was convinced, the rebels couldn't move.

Only Sein was aware of the definite death.

Aaaaaang!

Then, a huge steel pillar slammed down in front of my eyes.

Before even checking the barbell on the floor, Sain raised his head.

The armored body, which reached a height of 30 meters, was in the posture of striking the ground with its arms.

It was a titan belonging to the 3rd level of the mecha combat system.

Even in the rebel headquarters, there were only three pieces of equipment, and the power of the thermal flash cannon created with the formidable physical force and magnetic pulses that approached 3,000 tons in mass was the best among mecha technologies.

It required hundreds of thousands of elixirs and thousands of tons of minerals to produce one, and even the programs that make up the system were not designed by anyone.

If you need a Piper to operate the Kuroi, then the Titan cannot be controlled without riding the Kuroi.

This is because it takes 10 tons of physical strength just to move one of the Titan's arms.

It was an extremely sensitive equipment compared to its size because it was a method of transmitting power in order of Piper, Kuroi, and Titan, so the combat power varied greatly depending on the skill of the pilot.

The person on board Titan Unit 1, which crushed Babel, was a genius pilot and rebel commander, Crude.

It wasn't that he intervened because he knew that Sein was dangerous. It was the confidence that I could definitely defeat it now.

However, that confidence was shattered by the mighty force rushing into the control panel a moment later.

"Aww!"

Hearing the scraping of iron, Babel lifted the Titan's gigantic palm with both hands.

When Crude pulled the control stick, the plasma engine delivered power with a powerful roar as if about to explode.

The more he did, the faster Babel's halo rotated.

Eventually, it spread like Nova, pushing out the ridiculous weight and pulling the body out.

Aaaaaaaang!

When the Titan's palm crashed again, the ground ruptured and a pillar of earth tens of meters high rose.

Sein retreated as if sliding and covered the battlefield.

Kuroi's fire net embroidered the sky, and the two remaining Titans fired their heat flash cannons at the flying Babel.

Kanya and Lena, who lost their fathers, were also among the members fighting frantically.

"die!"

Kanya burst into tears and pulled the trigger.

However, it was impossible to hit an object faster than a bullet.



- Babel Program: Activated the wide-area combat system.

-Target: All.

- Battle pattern: Slaughter.

-Death response method: 7.



Babel, which applied the new algorithm, ran across the battlefield at terrifying speed.

Every Kuroi in the spot where the silver flash passed exploded and collapsed.

thud! thud! thud! thud!

Every time the three Titans struck the ground, vibrations were transmitted to the feet of the three people tens of meters away.

'I can't defeat Kuroiro. He is already an enemy beyond the scope of comparison of force.'

Crud followed the barbell with his exquisite piloting skills.

It was a speed that was difficult to catch up with the human eye, but the trajectory of Babel was still drawn on the radar.

However, it was to measure the inertia, and it was entirely up to the pilot to hit the target.

'It's here!'

Boaaaaaang!

The Titan's shoulders opened, and a black, cavernous muzzle protruded, firing a thermal flash cannon.



- Evasion chance: 0%. Get into a defensive posture.



Babel stopped flying and crossed his arms in an X. At the same time, a terrifying flash of light hauled the metal body to the ground.

Aaaaaaaang!

A barbell bent at the knees was standing in the place where the earth turned dark red and melted like lava, spewing out smoke.

'damn! What the hell is it made of?'

To be sure, it is absolutely not a pure mineral.

But it didn't even come to mind which alloy could be used to achieve such thermal durability.

'Ten seconds.'

If the energy of the heat flash cannon could be concentrated for more than 10 seconds, even the world's barbell would have no choice but to melt.

However, having calculated that far, Crude smiled bitterly.

It was only natural when you consider what a barbell could do in 10 seconds.

As time passed, the victims came one after another.

Even though Sain equalized all the environments to be unfavorable to Babel, he was pushed back.

'weird. It's really strange.'

Sein realized it only after taking a step back from the battle.

That machine is by no means man-made.

It only looked like a machine, and the internal program was far beyond human battery.

Angel's work? or what more?

That was the extent of Babel's strangeness that Sein felt.



- Changed the battle system.



When the number of rebels decreased by the set amount, Babel finally stopped working.

"Now! Power attack!"

Crude gave an immediate order, and thousands of bullets hit her.

Babel's body, which spattered sparks, was like the flame itself.



- Activate map weapon. Codename Babel.



Babel finally revealed his true value of existence.

When I bent my upper body like a bow, my neck fell off and went behind my back, and then my chest opened.

The gun barrel with glass balls was exposed, and the arms and legs were embedded in the ground to serve as a support while the upper body fell behind the legs.

Kurrrrrrr!

An electrical phenomenon occurred in front of Babel's glass sphere as he aimed at the Titan.

"Heat flash cannon! Plug it straight in!"

Crude, who felt the crisis, concentrated six muzzles on three Titans.

Direct fire at the ground with a wide-area strike weapon was a combat rule that was not in the manual, but it was not in a position to cover it now.

Six thermal flash cannons rushed toward Babel, and at the same time, huge photoelectric cannons were fired from Babel's glass spheres.

As the two energies collided, the entire command center was as bright as daylight, and the world was filled with the sound of burning.

Crude's Titan, with a hole pierced in one shoulder, staggered as if it would collapse at any moment.

"Keugh! damn!"



-Babel test launch completed. firing operation.



Light particle cannons were fired from Babel's muzzle in all directions as if ignoring the previous power.

Literally a map weapon.

The firepower was enough to devastate the entire headquarters within one minute.

"damn! I can't!"

Sain ran to Babel and tried a last resort.

Let's put the equalizing of the sun, moon and halo into Babel's system! My mind wandered as if I was dreaming.

'What the hell is this... ... .'

A lax and complex system that even those who have trained their minds countless times will fall into the swamp of oblivion.

A ray of blue light penetrated the center of those numerous circuits.



* * *



"haha."

In the stillness of Niflheim, where everything was frozen, only the breathing of the guide could be heard.

Even he, who had made a contract with the Ice Spirit, didn't seem able to hold out for a few more hours.

It was only natural that even the tier 2 monster, the Salamander, could no longer raise the flames.

They didn't just freeze to death, but the shadow of the corpse was creeping towards their ankles.

Kang Nan barely opened his frozen mouth.

"Where the heck is Hell? Couldn't you have gone the wrong way?"

The guide answered in a dying voice.

"I just came as I was taught. More than that, I... ... do not know... ... ."

The guide was paying a heavy price for his greed.

The idea of ??taking a mountain of black elixirs and becoming the ruler of the mainland was just a mirage in front of the reality.

"This, no more... ... ."

Just as the guide was about to say his will, Zulu's steps stopped.

The severe cold was driving her body into a terrible state, but her face was still calm.

"Gaold, over there."

A huge shadow was moving under the ice sheet where Zulu pointed.

Tiny shadows streamed in from all sides, merged, and stood up in the shape of a convex bell, soaring above the ice.

enemy?

In any case, it was the first change that appeared after killing the group of Grim Reapers.

Also, that was the reason Gaold had been patient and followed the guide all the way here.

For a moment no one moved.

It was a perfectly natural sight in Niflheim, but everything changed as the rising darkness gradually revealed its reality.

Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!

As the ice swayed, Kang Nan kept his balance and glared at the darkness.

Something 10 meters tall, wearing a white robe on a black background, was rising into the sky.

No legs were visible, and the ends of the robes split into dozens of pieces and fluttered.

'This... ... tremendous!'

Kang Nan bit his teeth and took a fighting stance.

The sun was getting dark.

Cheeik!

I turned my head at the sound I heard from below, and the Salamander's flames were completely extinguished and it was starting to freeze.

"Uh, uh uh?"

The guide made a startled noise.

Excitement was rising from the tip of his toes. But when the ecstasy reached his head, he had already turned into a frozen corpse.

"It's a lot of magical power."

Zulu erased Salamander's corpse and focused.

Which boss to cast would depend on the opponent's alignment.

"I am Hell, the god of death."

Gaold's eyebrows twitched.

"Wanderers of Niflheim, I will supply and demand your lives."

"Quack."

Gaold strode forward even with an opponent who was incomparable to the Grim Reaper.

Salamander is gone, so from now on you will have to start the fire with your body.

"Indeed, it was like that. It wasn't local."

The king of Niflheim, the land of the dead.

That was the identity of Hel.

=======================================
[447] Mental Armament (2)





The halo of the sun and moon that appeared at the center of Babel's system relayed all information to Sein.

It was the same effect as if Sein's consciousness flowed into the system, and Sein found a ray of blue light penetrating the tangled circuit like a spider's web of light.

'This... ... .'

The Ultima system is just a signal, but Sein could not extract any information from the signal.

A concept that is highly concise, on a different level from difficulty or complexity.

It was so huge that it was an extreme insight that human cognition could not contain at once.

'Who the hell made this?'

Sein climbed endlessly along the Ultima System.

In the place where the blue flash passed, a magic circle made up of an angelic system was blocking the center as if blocking a street corner.

The concept of the magic circle was also difficult for humans to read, but it was fortunate for the world if it was rather complicated.

Sein, who analyzed the signals of the magic circle by equalizing the halo of the sun and moon, opened his eyes as if in shock.

'Damn it! It was like that.'

According to the confirmation, no matter how much the magic circle of the angels did, it seemed that this perfect unified signal could not be disturbed.

The only thing the magic circle's algorithm changed was the purpose of the metal angel's performance.

'Someone tampered with the enemy detection settings. not a rebel Rather, this... ... .'

A weapon for killing angels.

If so, there was only one thing Sein had to do. Reversing the setting by canceling the angel's magic circle.

If that was the case, I could hit heaven with a counter.

Sun and moon halo!

The halo, so clear that it was impossible to even think that it was spinning, began to dismantle the angelic magic circle.

"Big!"

Sein was overwhelmed by the amount of information far greater than expected.

'Damn it! This is information that is only needed to change one enemy detection setting.'

I was keenly aware of how great an intellectual product the blue flash that penetrated the system was.

'no. It's too late at this rate.'

Even though Sein is a Servant with equalization, it seemed like it would take 200 hours to completely dismantle the magic circle.

'There is no way to win this way. I have no choice but to destroy it from the inside.'

The rotation of the halo stopped the moment the sun and moon halo was installed in the center of the angel's magic circle.

The aftermath of the sudden stop was so powerful that Sein's head was smashed.

"Keugh!"

The magic circle's core logic overwhelms the world's logic.

Then, the magic circle emitted a brilliant light, and then attacked Sein's logic.

Blood flowed from Sain's nose at the shock caused by the halo of sun and moon rotating in the opposite direction to the magician's logic.

'Does this make sense? How can such a proposition be established?'

The angelic magic circle completely denied the thinking that humans had developed over thousands of years.

Cracks in the halo of the sun and moon drew unpleasant cracks.

Sain's eyes gradually turned upside down, and blood leaked out from between his clenched teeth.

'Is this the end... ... .'

Sein's consciousness fell to the edge of the abyss.

At that moment, the Ultima System expanded the flash and permeated the magic circle.

The reverse rotation of the sun and moon halo stopped.

Sein, who woke up from the brink of death, shuddered at a phenomenon beyond imagination.

'Unbelievable.'

A signal made up of only one was quickly cutting off the link of the complex angelic magic circle.

'What on earth is this system?'

A single signal that perfectly encapsulates the entire universe.

Even the grand logic of an angel was nothing more than a fool's murmur before the only insight that could stand against the Akashic Records.



-Reconnect to the Ultima system.

-Babel Primitive System up and running.



Babel began to reset as a small change created by Sein made Kariel's logic system as inaccurate as a speck of dust.

As the magic circle split into fragments, Sein activated Equilibrium.

As the two gears meshed, Kariel's destroyed logic was carefully ground and returned to the world of nothingness.

The Ultima system was still simple, but it got bigger.

As the light expanded, everything finally came together.

Woo woo woo!

Babel's photoelectric cannon disappeared like turning off a faucet.

Then, the legs and arms stuck in the ground rose up and the upper body stood up, returning to its pre-transformation form.

thud! thud! thud!

As the pilot relaxed, dozens of Kuroi fell to their knees as the power transmitted to the piper decreased.

"What happened? Is it over?"

During the 20 seconds that photoelectric cannons fired continuously, the rebel headquarters was completely devastated.

The Titan driven by Crude was damaged, and half of the command's forces were dead.



-Babel program initialization.



Babel, who was in a fighting stance, lowered his hand.

Then the electrical wings disintegrated into dots, and the head and knees slowly began to descend.



- No signal.

- Waiting for user registration.



Babel knelt down in the ancient ruins and waited for the next user to appear.

A look that was absolutely disgusting to the rebels.

Kuroi's cockpit opened and Kanya came running with Cigna.

"Aaaaaaa!"

bang! bang! bang!

Every time Babel's face was struck with a sword, a powerful explosion occurred, but not even soot was formed on the metal surface.

If it had durability that could withstand heat flash cannons, it wasn't something that could be hurt by a mere signa.

That made me even more angry.

Babel's unmoving figure, as if willing to accept the sin, plunged Kanya's heart into despair.

"Sister, stop!"

Lena ran crying and stopped Kanya.

Even if you take out your anger on a lump of metal, only the body of the person who hit it will be damaged.

"Let go! I will kill you! Let go!"

"And what if it works again? It's just a machine!"

"Ah ah ah ah ah!"

Kanya threw away Cigna and screamed at the sky.

Even though he lost his father, he was so resentful that there was no way to even get revenge.

"Whoa!"

Sain wiped the bloody nose and stood up slowly.

Crude, who had disembarked from Titan, approached while remaining calm.

"You finally did it. thanks. Thanks to that, the damage was reduced."

Even though he had already suffered tremendous damage, the inaction of Babel against Crude was that much.

"No, the system itself repaired the error on its own. I just opened the lock."

Crude looked back at Babel with a serious expression.

"I have met many Norsemen, but I have never seen one as powerful as you. If you still say that, then what the hell is that machine?"

"I don't know the details either. The only thing I know is that it wasn't made to deal with subjects. It is an ancient weapon for archangels."

"An ancient weapon... ... ."

Crude approached Babel, who stopped working.

Looking down at her lowered face, he saw that the red light on the panel was still flickering.

"It's not like the power went out. Are you sleeping?"

"maybe. It seems that the system was initialized while destroying the angel's magic circle."

"That's right. Hmm."

Crude stood up with her eyes shining.

"then... ... How about we use this?"

It wasn't that Sein hadn't thought about it either.

However, as the person who directly explored Babel's system, I was able to assert that there is little possibility.

"Babel's system consists of integrated signals that transcend the human realm. We cannot decipher it."

Babel's capabilities transcend Titan's.

It would be of great help to the force if it could be drawn into an ally, but what human could decipher the signal?

'How do I use this?'

The cries of the victims permeated Sein's cold-hearted thoughts.



* * *



It wasn't the darkness that covered the sun. It was the energy of death that had flowed in for eons of time.

As Hel, the ruler of Niflheim, showed off his presence by growing in size, Gaold and his party trembled.

Perhaps the thing that most resembles death is the cold.

The energy of death, which cannot be expressed by temperature, penetrated deep into the bones and suppressed the vitality.

"Whoa!"

Kang Nan widened his eyes and energized his body.

You have to overcome with life.

If you don't prove that you're alive by activating each cell, you'll end up like the guide.

At that moment, Gaold's face crumpled like a demon, and powerful atmospheric pressure plunged him to the ground.



Pain 100,000 times.



Whoops!

Darkness swept down like wallpaper peeling off, but soon the energy of death engulfed the space again.

Still, it was a strange phenomenon to Hel.

The energy that even blocked the sun couldn't be erased with air pressure.

'The will to live?'

It was a will beyond imagination.

"You arrogant man, why do you reject death?"

Hel raised his body and spoke solemnly, but Gaold pretended not to hear, lost in thought.

'Certainly this one is tricky.'

He tried to measure the threshold of pain needed to suppress an energy more powerful than that of the Grim Reaper, but it was not an easy task.

When there was no answer, Hel spoke again.

"Did you walk to death in search of an abominable maze? But the only thing waiting in front of you is the god of the dead."

maze.

The moment he heard those words, Gaold became a completely different person.

An earthquake occurred in his pupil, and all the veins began to stand up.

"how... ... Understand?"

"There is nothing unknown to the dead. It just doesn't interfere."

"Quack! I mean."

Whites appeared in Gaold's eyes.

As the haze of self-denial spread through his body, even the energy of death took a backward step as if terrified.

Kang Nan sensed the danger and approached.

I don't know how far the limit of pain perception is, but the old limit has already been exceeded.

"How do you know what people say! obviously don't... ... !"

"shut up."

Kang Nan's mouth was tightly shut.

This way you can't dry it. Gaold's mind would be nothing but Miro's thoughts.

"Where is the maze? You'd better brush it off nicely. Unless you want to die one more time."

"The labyrinth... ... !"

shouted Hell.

"Keeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!"

The words that followed were so ferocious that the heart stopped.

The robe came off, revealing Hel's face, which seemed to be the sum of all the deaths in the world.

As the energy of death surged in as sharp as a blade, Zulu, who stood in the way of Kang Nan, cast a boss.

"Posmetry."

Cao oh oh!

A huge bird made of light wrapped around the two of them.

The dark energy hit them the very next moment, but it just passed by without giving any impact.

Space-time bird, postmetery.

Although Zulu is famous for being a lich summoner, POSMETERY was also a tier 2 monster that only she could master.

Posmetry appears once every four years on the equatorial island of Canarica, flies for three seconds before disappearing, presumably staying in another dimension.

It took 12 years for Zulu, who collected all the records of postmetry that had been witnessed thousands of years ago, to succeed in becoming a boss.

Considering that it stays for 3 seconds once every 4 years, the exact period was only 9 seconds, and people follow Rich as a major anecdote to praise Zulu's genius.

Kwak Kwah Kwah Kwah Kwah!

Posmetry transported the two to another space-time for three seconds, and everything that happened during that time had no effect on them.

For the first time, Kang Nan could clearly see the aura of death passing in front of his eyes.

What I thought was darkness was actually an infinitely overlapping pattern of the screaming faces of the dead.

"Three seconds. I can't stand it any longer."

There was no need to listen to Zulu.

At the same time as Hel showed his true colors, Gaold was already charging towards the demon's face.

maze! maze! maze! maze! maze! maze!

Only one word was passing at the speed of electricity in my head, and that blind belief brought even greater pain.

"The god of the dead? Something like a shell... ... !"

Raising his right hand high, Gaold swung his fist down and cast a spell.



Pain 500,000 times - air pressing.



As Hel's form disintegrated, it was trampled downward like tens of thousands of water droplets falling.

Woo woo woo woo woo!

The belated shock caused the entire landscape to vibrate up and down like a planet shaking.

=======================================
[448] Mental Armament (3)





At the same time as the energy of death disappeared, Posmetry moved Zulu and Kang Nan back to their original time and space.

Kang Nan stared blankly at the ice sheet where the darkness had disappeared.

Only Gaold was shaking his shoulders and breathing heavily.

'It's like a stupid human being.'

Gaold's power had risen unexpectedly even for her, who always accompanies him.

It was not that I had any special training or attained enlightenment.

Miro met after 20 years.

As he got closer to her time and space, the amount of pain he could endure also grew exponentially.

It was precisely this point that Kang Nan was concerned.

Even if Gaold had surpassed the limits of pain due to self-reciprocating mutations, the endurance of living things was not infinite.

Just like the day 15 years ago when Gaold first fell into the great heat hell.

"What are you trying to do... ... !"

"It's not over yet."

As Kang Nan approached, Gaold opened his mouth.

Darkness rose again from under the ice sheet as if it had been waiting for it and completed the shape of Hell.

'Is it an incorporeal entity?'

In the world where Gaold lived, there was a representative ghost.

As an existence that crosses the boundary between mind and matter, it is not physically affected and cannot be influenced in its mental state.

However, when it is in a material state, it is a being that can exercise physical force and can also be subjected to physical force.

Hell also escaped the crisis by going from material to mental state right before Gaold's air pressing crushed her body.

It's a tricky ability for humans to deal with, but for Hel, the ruler of Niflheim, it hurt his pride.

Whoo!

Hel's gaping pupils whirled like a whirlpool, drawing Gaold into the depths of the abyss.

The world was once again plunged into darkness, and the struggle between the undead and the immortal began.

The air magic of 500,000 times the pain was already out of the realm of the attribute of atmosphere.

Air bullets from the air gun fired at breakneck speed.

Even though it was an explosive burst of fire, Hell's body was simultaneously punched with holes as if it had been hit by shotgun shells.

The tattered Hel rushed at Gaold.

"Human! I will sprinkle your bone meal over the body of the abominable maze!"

"Great!"

Hel's provocation backfired.

Hundreds of wrinkles formed on Gaold's distorted face, and hot steam leaked from between his teeth.

Gaold's self-denying Great Superheat Hell unfolded.

In a space as dark as the night sky, the flames of deterioration swelled, and the souls of death, the screams of hungry ghosts, and extreme cold and heat began to mix.

Even Hel, the ruler of the dead, had no choice but to remain silent in front of Gaold's powerful self-denial.

'Is there such a person?'

Hel immediately changed his mind.

'No, are they really human?'

Pain is 500,000 times the pain.

No one can imagine what hell Gaold is experiencing.

No one could even guess.

But to Gaold, that is the only reality.

'Miro... ... .'

No matter how painful it is, he doesn't die.

'It's a maze.'

The reason didn't matter.

On that day 20 years ago, the day he had to helplessly watch Maze being dragged away, Gaold gave up on being anything.

Thanks to the experience of countless shocks, even the memories were tangled up, but even in the chaos, the only thing that was not forgotten for a moment was Miro's voice.



-Because you are weak.



20 judges. Everyone in the world clung eagerly. And the labyrinth walked into Istas on its own.

But the fact that only Gaold knew, the truth, was the voice of Miro that he met on the eve of the Twenty Judgment.



- Even if you can't do anything!



Tears of blood poured down Gaold's upside-down whites.

'It's a maze!'



Pain 1 million times - air pressing.



Hell popped and was crushed, then regrouped in midair.

It was a situation that could have been destroyed if it was a little too late to change into a mental state.

A light of confusion passed across Hel's face as if his soul was draining.

I hope Gaold is dead.

It was the first time in existence that I wanted someone's death so desperately.

'Are you afraid? I?'

The ruler of the dead has no fear of death. So what Hel felt was the fear of endless acceleration.

Gaold's self-denial, whose limits could not be measured, knew no bounds, as if he were on a rail that seemed to accelerate forever.

"Keeeeeeeeeee!"

As Hel spread his energy with all his might, all kinds of dead people floated in the air with tails of black smoke.

Kang Nan and Zulu, who found the dead rushing toward the ground, each scattered in different directions.

It can be defended with postmetry, but due to the nature of the space-time bird, in order to escape 3 seconds, it must demonstrate omnipotence close to 4 years in real time.

Even Zulu, the strongest in summoning magic, was a magic that required more than 30% of mental power, and the current limit was only 1 time.

It was not a good decision to use it now to prepare for the decisive moment.

"Keugh!"

Kang Nan raised his arms and crouched down in the face of the dead attacking like a whirlpool.

Every time the fingernails scratched, black scars were engraved on the skin.

The body that had been trained all his life tried to counterattack, but it only penetrated the body of the dead who returned to a mental state.

'The airlift has to be done at the same time. The only chance is when the enemy attacks.'

Kang Nan, who caught the strand, took the posture of Ram Muay.

Between the arms erected in the shape of 11, her eyes sharply penetrated the enemy.

oh oh oh!

As the dead attacked, her body moved.

The black smoke of the dead was shattered with each successive attack that covered the shortest distance in a straight line.

Farther away, the Zulus summoned Oud Worms, giant worms, to suck in the corporeal dead.

The irrational dead did not give up, and as the population decreased, their sight gradually began to disappear.

"What about Gaold?"

he was in the sky Also, his face had changed so grotesquely that he couldn't tell who was the ruler of the dead.

Life and death, self-denial and despair collided in the sky.

"Annoying... ... !"

Gaold's great heat inferno spread out on a scale never seen before, extending out of Hel's darkness.

Bakum Press!

At that point, Gaold's organ, which even compressed Ataraxia's photon cannon, was cast.

As the vast atmosphere compressed into a single point, Hel's body began to tighten rapidly.

'Can't I get out?'

Despite being transformed into a mental state, Hel was unable to penetrate the force of the vacuum, which gradually shrank in size.

abhorrence.

Finally, Hel realized. He, the ruler of death, wondered why he was afraid of mere humans.

It was because Gaold was not afraid.

"Keeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!"

Hell continued to compress.

From small spheres to even smaller spheres, to dots, and finally to nothing... ... .

At the moment of extinction, Hel exploded, spreading the countless dead that he contained in all directions.

The lion's roars they uttered were so strong that they spread throughout Niflheim, and it contained such a powerful aura that any creature would lose their life the moment they heard it.

While Gaold was floating defenseless, Zulu and Kang Nan, who had arrived behind him, transported all three of them to another time and space with the power of postmetry.

The lion's roar compressed the air in the form of a ripple and spread out, and like the eye of a hurricane, complete silence came.

Gaold landed on the ice and raised his head. And he heard the sound of the wind whirling in the clear air.

- Even if you reject mortality, there is nothing you can hold on to forever. go to pay There is an abominable labyrinth there. She will drive you to your true death.

It was the sound of the wind.

"... ... ."

While everyone was silent, after a while, nearly 100 black elixirs fell like rain from the air.

I don't know how many black elixirs Ya Mang suggested, but I wouldn't think of more than they had.

No one in Purgatory would be able to collect this many black elixirs.

Gaold did not laugh.

After the terrible pain, the only thing left was the reality of life that I was still alive.

Some memories have been erased and others have remained, but what value is there to memories that cannot be arranged in chronological order?

Gaold threw all his memories into the trash can of oblivion, and turned back, holding Mazeman again.

Since that day 20 years ago, he has been living like this.

"Pick it all up. go back."

Gaold turned coldly and walked away.

Kang Nan, who was watching Gaold passing by, bared his teeth.

It is fortunate that the purpose was achieved, but the act of recklessly raising pain could lead to the project being stopped.

Tactics and strategies were nowhere to be found, and I couldn't wait to see the battle like a thunderclap.

"Wait. In this way... ... !"

The moment he turned around with a ferocious tone, Gaold's body staggered.

Kang Nan, who took a step without even realizing it, stopped moving.

should not be caught Because no one understands his pain.

He was a man who had walked alone for 20 years.

'yes. Whether I return alive or die and be buried, it ends here.'

Kang Nan made a promise. I would do anything to get Gaold there.



* * *



Shirone immediately returned to the 1st Rebel Command after integrating all forces under the 2nd Rebel Command.

Armin's party, who was allowed to run the munitions factory, was the first to return, and Gaold's party returned after delivering the Black Elixir to the Night Mang.

All three parties performed their duties perfectly, but Shirone couldn't help but laugh.

It was because I heard the shocking sad news as soon as I arrived.

Headquarters had already been devastated.

The culprit who slaughtered countless people was the metal angel that Babel and Shirone had unsealed.

I couldn't bear to look at Kanya and Lena's faces.

Clove and Gardlock, who died in the collapse of 2nd Command, and now Kanya's father.

Every death felt like it was his fault.

'But... ... I have to speak.'

Shirone mustered up the courage to head to the room where the two were.

At least he had to honestly confess to them that he was the one who unlocked Babel.

The sisters forced themselves to smile when they saw Shirone, but their expression disappeared again at Shirone's confession.

Even after hearing all the shocking facts, Kanya and Lena didn't react.

Shirone didn't know if they were angry or if they didn't even have the energy to get angry anymore.

"Sorry. It's because of me. Even if I hadn't unsealed Babel... ... . It's all my fault."

Lena couldn't hold back and burst into tears.

I honestly don't know how to react.

Kanya raised her eyes fiercely and said.

"If Daddy was killed by an angel other than Babel, is it not your fault?"

Shirone couldn't answer.

"No, it's all your fault, Shirone. All deaths in heaven are all your fault."

Kanya got out of bed and approached Shirone. Then he buried his face in his chest and said.

"So, fight for us."

Shirone felt her chest get wet.

"I-I didn't do anything. Even revenge... ... I'm so helpless... ... ."

In the end, Kanya also sobbed.

What she felt in front of an enemy beyond imagination was that humans are mere insignificant creatures.

But Shirone is different. And those who came with Shirone were also different.

How could that be? How can they withstand that overwhelming enormity?

Shirone let out a long breath.

I came to heaven to meet Ikael, but now I can't do that.

"Let's go to Babel."

=======================================
[449] The Beginning of Change (1)





Drimo.

A multidimensional space into which all the mental energy of the world flows.

There are no clear rules to define the world in this place where many rituals are mixed.

Anything can be done, anything can be denied.

Sometimes a knife comes in after the throat is cut, and there are times when the knife comes in but the throat is not cut.

Therefore, to have a clear consciousness walking around Dremo is an act of suicide.

Everything in this place was a trap unless it was supported by a high level of mental understanding.

I don't know how much time has passed, but to the grave robber Arius felt that he had already aged 10 years.

Brahma, whose brains were stretched like hair, never separated from Arius' side and presented a solution.

It was a place where even him, who could make a judgment in one second, made by 10,000 prudent people through compromise, had reached the end of dying several times.

"Whoa. Whoa."

Arius slowly led his weary body into the temple.

If there are no keywords here either... ... .

Miro is probably not human.

All information related to her was extracted with only the name Miro.

Being a creature, being a human being, there is no choice but to have mental trauma.

It was the original plan to hit the maze with that trauma and wake her up from the dimension of fear, but now even that is unlikely.

A temple floating above the clouds.

Did the actual temple of the labyrinth look like this?

Arius, who opened the neat and antique door and entered, looked around with some expectation.

And he immediately wrinkled his expression.

I didn't even have to look for anything. Because there was nothing to see.

All that was visible was the clean floor of the temple, stretched out without a speck of dust.

"Damn it! how... ... How can there be no trauma! how!"

Arius bit off his teeth.

As a grave robber, he entered the minds of countless people.

Even in the heart of a person who is known as the kindest person in the world, there is a dark psychology and a trauma that can never be revealed.

That's human, and that's why the world is maintained.

However, Miro seemed to be completely out of those rules.

'I can't do this. She's human too.'

Doing nothing doesn't mean doing nothing.

She too has lived as a human being. She loved, made mistakes, desired, and hated.

It's just that it didn't lead to remorse and shame, denial and self-destruction.

Literally the pinnacle of sophistication. A spirit that is infinitely free because there are no taboos and no attachments.

"What are you going to do now? I couldn't find the keyword you said."

Brahma asked.

His life might come and go depending on his answer, but Arius didn't care.

I have thought that there is no perfect human being. It's still the same now, but it was time to make a choice.

'Have I misunderstood humans? Aren't humans inherently imperfect?'

"Arius, can you find it?"

When he did not answer the second question, Brahma flew up with his brains fluttering.

Arius, whether aware of this or not, hovered in one place with his chin resting on his chin.

maze.

A scale magic genius unprecedented in history.

'Maybe I took it too easy. It needs to be examined in more detail.'

Miro has been winning and winning all his life. Perhaps the most shocking event for her is the 20 judges.

'Right.'

Arius stopped and looked around the columns of the temple. Then he lifted his fingers and started counting.

One, two, three. Standing in front of exactly the twentieth pillar, I checked to see if there was anything different.

'No?'

Numbers are the main keywords that make up the mind.

If there was such a thing as a keyword, it should have been here.

'Should I find it in the name of referee? However, there is an object that can symbolize the judgment... ... .'

"Arius, the time has come."

Brahma approached from behind, revealing an evil expression with a light purple glow.

The time indicated by Kariel had already passed. He had come this far with his own judgment, but even he could not wait any longer.

The moment when Brahma's arm, which had turned into a blade, quickly swung to slit Arius' throat.

"ah!"

An exclamation escaped Arius' mouth.

The two blades came to a stop, gripping his neck. Blood leaked through the cracked skin, but Arius was in no mood to feel the pain.

"ah... ... Ahhh... ... ."

As Arius approached the pillar, Brahma also withdrew the blade and watched a little longer.

"there is. there is."

There was an incontinence on the grid with even irregularities that you would never know unless you looked closely.

'20 judges! Something happened that day.'

Arius' fingertips trembled as he reached for the incontinence.

Brahma, who was watching it, activated his ability.

As the trauma of incontinence amplified, the landscape changed.

There was a small well in the all-black space, but the meaning of the scenery was no longer important.

Arius rushed over and looked inside.

The only scar left in Maze's mind.

The scene of the wound was reflected like a video.

"This, this... ... !"

Arius' eyes widened in shock.

It was a very human scene, completely different from what he expected.

"Quack. Kkkkkkkkk."

The cells of the whole body tickled, and laughter erupted all over the body.

"Ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha!"

The best young lady and joy in my life.

Conquered the maze.

He found the only weakness engraved in the wizard's mind that seemed to have no gaps.

'It's something only I know. The labyrinth is mine now.'

Brahma gave a cold voice.

"If you find it, go ahead and start it. Kariel-sama is waiting for you."

I was thinking of doing it without even looking.

Because I was going crazy wanting to see her expression when she was forcibly taken out of the dimension of cowardice.

"then... ... shall we start?"

Since the spirit of the maze is connected to the well, Arius jumped right in.

Brahma followed, and with the only trauma Miro had, he wove a net and threw it into the plane of cowardice.

The spirit of Miro, immersed in samadhi, distorted his impression.

"Keugh!"

In a state of unconsciousness, she only tried to maintain her mind by inertia.

However, the more I denied it, the more endless thoughts flooded my mind.

My heart was pounding, and only the thought of him pounded in my brain with a muddy feeling.

"Huh!"

Miro's eyes flashed open after his samadhi mirror was broken.

As the infinity of fear disappeared, turbid thoughts rushed in like a torrent and swept Arius and Brahma together.

When she woke up, the scenery that appeared was her own temple, different from the one in Drimo.

When Miro, who was sitting cross-legged, glared at him with a fierce gaze, Arius opened his lips trembling with delight.

Miro, without answering, looked away and looked at Brahma.

3 mara It was clear that the angels had somehow found a way.

'Utilizing trauma... ... .'

It's been annoying since before, but I never thought it would eventually catch my ankle.

"Abominable labyrinth."

Brahma floated in the air.

"Everything is over. The only fate remaining for humans is to obey Ankera's will. From now on, I will cut your bones into pieces."

'Where is my body? Have you already moved to heaven? Then there is no turning back.'

Arius added.

"If you ever intend to go into samadhi-gyeong again, put it aside. Of course you know why."

Then, triumphantly, he approached Miro and thrust his face into it.

"I was quite shocked. I never thought you would have that side."

Miro's eyes trembled.

It was a great shock for others to know about thoughts that no one else should know about, and even to turn away from themselves.

However, it was by normal human standards.

As a result, Arius had chosen the wrong opponent.

"Something like a poor wizard."

"ha ha ha! Are you qualified to say that? My heart was revealed to such a poor wizard... ... ."

Arius stopped talking.

What I could see in front of me was the eyes of a maze that had grown larger than the temple.

When the tight irises grew as large as the pupils of the moment before, Brahma charged.

"Abominable Labyrinth!"

It was Brahma's will.

snap!

Arius looked at Brahma's corpse, which had been crushed like an ant by a finger that fell from the ceiling, and slowly turned his head again.

Nothing was visible. The relativity of scale is growing to infinity.

Arius trembled as if struck by lightning.

perfect greatness.

Huge and gigantic, the highest dignity in the universe, which could not even be recognized by the senses of a mere insignificant creature, was in front of my eyes.

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

A sound intoxicated with ecstasy burst out.

My heart skipped a beat as the best impression of my life filled my head.

Arius attacked her with a mad emotion.

Passing through a dense forest, crossing a lake, jumping over two convex mountains, and arriving after so many years, was the end of the world where a huge pillar was built.

'Ah ah ah ah ah... ... !'

Arius lifted his head with difficulty, leaning on his crutches.

The moment I saw Miro's face floating huge in the sky, tears flowed.

"Finally, we finally met."

Kneeling on her palm, he had the happiest expression in the world with his arms outstretched.

There is nothing in this universe as lovely as a maze. There is nothing more precious than a maze in this universe.

this is so beautiful

That's why it's so perfect, and that's why it shouldn't have any weaknesses.

In front of the greatest emotion of his life, Arius tilted his wrinkled face and kissed her palm.

"month! Month after month!"

And wiggled his butt like a dog.

He reduced himself to the most servile creature Arius could conceive.

You thought you could have a maze. How disrespectful is this.

she is absolute She must be unblemished by the absolute.

Therefore, it is the eyes that deserve the worst treatment.

Even these two eyes that have seen what they shouldn't see!

hooked!

Arius' hands dug deep into the eye socket.

'It shouldn't exist!'

Arius, who pulled out the eyeball with all his might, raised his trembling hands as if offering it to Maze.

"Absolute One, please accept this young servant."

Miro looked down at Arius indifferently.

Having realized the dimensional wall, he will never be able to cross this wall again.

To Arius, the labyrinth was a god.

'The dimensional wall has already been broken. I'll have to leave first.'

Miro closed her eyes and the world went out.

At the same time, the door installed in the Great World War exploded, and two people jumped out of the maze of reality sitting cross-legged.

One was Arius, who had been blinded, and the other was Brahma, who had been crushed.

Kariel covered the distance of hundreds of meters at once and arrived at the front of the maze.

"I finally see you again."

The eyelids of Miro, who had escaped from the samadhi, slowly rose.

"Monthly! Krrrr!"

At the same time, Arius fell on the floor and barked like a dog.

As a servant of Miro, the only thought in his head was to protect his master.

However, as soon as Kariel kicked him in the face, he jabbed and hurriedly hid behind the maze and rubbed his cheek.

After confirming the angel's face, Miro opened her mouth.

"Kariel, it's been a while."

"Whoops, you're still arrogant. Well, among humans, you're the only one who can call the archangel's name carelessly. Anyway, with this, the space-time of the labyrinth is gone."

"It turned out just the way you wanted it. But humans won't be easy either."

"I don't know about that, but it sure is interesting."

Miro's eyebrows twitched.

"... ... What do you mean?"

Kariel opened the Great Law.

Since the time-space of the labyrinth has already disappeared, it would be better to kill him right away, but a better solution than that was currently in Purgatory.

"A human named Gaold. I think I came looking for you."

Miro's eyebrows narrowed slightly.

'This idiot... ... .'

=======================================
[450] The Beginning of Change (2)





The command and control room of the 1st Rebel Command.

While Shirone took Cana and Lena, Crud gave a briefing on the battle to Gaold and the others.

The damage caused by the barbell was greater than expected, promptly losing 40% of power and 53% of munitions wasted.

The main point of the briefing was that an all-out war with Heaven was impossible in the present state.

It was a surprising achievement that the Syrone party unified the 2nd rebel army, but it was the same that the headquarters was cut off anyway.

"Sooner or later, the production of the large Targis will be completed at the Night Alliance munitions factory. However, there are not enough personnel to carry out the operation. Even if you avoid Angel and Mara, it is impossible to get close to Arabot by passing through the fairies of the Ministry of Justice and the giants of the Royal Guard."

Sein's thoughts were the same.

Neutralizing Heaven's air defense system, Aegis, is to break through the outer walls.

From then on, it depended on how much time the rebels could pull off, and how far Gaold could go.

'And Shirone. To cast God's Punishment, you must be able to enter at least the entrance of Arabot.'

Once the mass is gathered at a high altitude, it takes about 14 minutes to fall to the ground.

Therefore, the calculation was completed by firing the Seindo laser close to the vertical and predicting the rotation period moving for 14 minutes to the center of Arabot.

The reason why the high-difficulty ultra-short-range strike was set is because the operation centered on recapturing the maze.

Depending on the state of the maze, the variable will change in real time.

In that case, it would be a loss to use God's Punishment in advance to narrow even the chances of recapture.

'I want to see the situation until the very end even at the risk. In that sense, Syrone's penetration requirements will be the key.'

While everyone was lost in thought, they knocked on the door and Shirone entered. Kanya and Lena, who did not know why, were also together.

Knowing that he had left to comfort the two sisters, Crude looked suspiciously at Shirone, who accompanied them.

"What's going on? Do you have something to say?"

"I have a suggestion for you. Where is Babel now?"

"A metal angel? He is in Kuroi Quarantine."

"Please guide me there."

"Why? The Metal Angels are classified as Level 1 Security within the Command facility. I understand the sadness of losing a family member, but I can't open up about it."

"Maybe I can restart Babel."

"Babel... ... Are you restarting?"

Crud looked incredulous.

Didn't Sein actually say that? The metal angel's system is said to be the product of a higher-dimensional being that goes beyond the angel's information system.

'Have I been persuaded by the two sisters?'

He was the one who clearly watched the scene where Kanya tried to destroy it by swinging Cigna when the Babel stopped working.

"Sorry, but that... ... ."

"Please allow me. I don't know if Shirone can do it."

"Mr. Flew."

Crude is a cool-headed commander in the meeting, but he's a little warmer to Flew.

"What does Shirone mean if you can do it?"

Flu was the only person who knew that Shirone had an Ultima system.

It was because the follow-up of the 1st Command was too busy to report everything that happened in the 2nd Command, and the other team members also needed a break.

'How do I explain this?'

Not only was the Ultima System unknown to anyone but the person involved, and there was a sense of reluctance to disclose the fact that Shirone liberated Babel.

Of course, she never thinks that Shirone is responsible for the disaster at First Command.

But I wondered if other people thought so too.

'It's good to hide things that can be hidden.'

Shirone could not ignore the voice of conscience, but Flew was a mage who was thoroughly thorough from the core.

"First, please guide Shirone to Babel. Shirone will give a detailed explanation there."

Then, when Sain made a formal request, Crud followed their words and headed to the warehouse where Babel was quarantined.

Although the guard was strict, the fear in the eyes of the guards could not be hidden.

It was literally the existence that drove the headquarters to the brink of annihilation.

"Now, how do you reactivate this?"

Babel had her head down as if she had fallen asleep, but Shirone could already feel it from the moment she entered the warehouse.

'The output is the same. The order just disappeared.'

The flow of charge that forms the barbell has been clearly conveyed through the Ultima system.

As Shirone approached slowly, feeling as if he could lift her up right now, Crud said.

"Wait, are you really sure? one of a kind... ... ."

Even if Shirone reactivates Babel, if he attacks the rebels like before, then annihilation is inevitable.

Sein said.

"You don't have to worry about that. Because the angel's algorithm is completely broken. It's a fact I've already confirmed with the Iron Wheel."

Even Sein, who said that, did not know how Shirone would restart Babel.

He guessed that the system grafted onto Babel is a groundbreaking information system that unifies all signals in the world.

The closest thing in the original world would be a binary number, but this was a level higher than that.

'Connect to Babel.'

Shirone closed her eyes and resonated with the Ultima System. Then, the panels embedded in Babel's eyes glowed red.



- New user detection. Ultima system access.



An invisible signal extended between Babel and Syrone, integrating each other's information.

'This... ... .'

The feeling of connecting with Babel for the first time was amazing. What Babel sees, he was seeing.



-Run the Babel native program. Gaia code number 2 discovered.

-Absolutely inviolable. Enter algorithm setting mode.



Shirone's will was converted into a unique programming language that powers Babel and began to be input automatically.



-First goal. protect the rebels

-Second goal. Eliminate the enemy quickly if insurgent protection is impossible.

-Third goal. Protect Kanya and Lena when it is impossible to eliminate the enemy.



If the 3rd algorithm is activated, the battle situation will already be lost.

It was a program that contained Shirone's own sense of responsibility for the sorrow of two sisters who lost their father right in front of their eyes.

The algorithm was complicatedly connected as it progressed to the 4th and 5th order.

Being able to resonate between humans and machines with a single signal was a technology on a completely different level from telepathy.



-Applied Shirone Algorithm. Babel program running.



As Babel, who had been kneeling, stood up with the sound of an engine, the guards guarding the containment center aimed their arc at the same time.

Even Crude, who was aware of the overwhelming pressure of Babel, had no choice but to take a step back, swallowing saliva.

Babel, who walked straight to Shirone with clattering footsteps, got down on one knee and paid homage to Gaia Code Number 2.

"Babel. I will carry out Shirone-sama's instructions."

Babel's voice, heard for the first time, was so calm and clear that it was impossible to imagine the brutal performance.

"Oh, how could this be... ... ."

Crude was shocked when the weapon of fear that destroyed the headquarters took a submissive attitude to Shirone.

Subduing Babel, which even destroyed the angelic mental system, meant that the spirit of the Nephilim surpassed that of the angels.

'Is this the light of Area 73?'

Anyway, if Babel became an ally, nothing could be better. She was more than capable of restoring 1st Command's lost fighting power if she were her strong armament.

But Shirone thought differently.

In order to use a barbell as a combat weapon, efficiency alone should not be considered.

Who would want to fight alongside the machine that killed their family?

As expected, when Kanya saw Babel stand up, her eyes lit up and her fists trembled.

Abominable machine.

What was even more irritating was that it was made of metal that was so strong that humans couldn't break it.

Shirone said in a calm tone.

"Babel, carry out my orders from now on."

"I carry out Shirone-sama's orders."

Shirone looked back at Kanya and said.

"Destroy you right here, if you want, Kanya."

"Shirone!"

Fleur shouted.

Why destroy an ancient weapon as powerful as an angel?

Gaold, on the other hand, raised the corner of his mouth.

War is a clash of all things, and emotions are more important than tactics in human fights.

Now that half of the rebels have lost their families, if Babel is not treated clearly, there will be no fighting spirit.

'It's like you, Shirone.'

Of course, Shirone's method is unconventional.

Perhaps the humanity or boldness of thinking that if Kanya destroys Babel, that's it.

'haha. Well, I don't know about war.'

Babel said calmly.

"If Kanya wants it, I will destroy myself."

When the choice passed to Kanya, the guards who had lost their family paid attention to her with cautious eyes.

'I want to kill you. want to destroy But... ... .'

Kanya bit her lip until it bled.

It was really strange. The machine that brutally massacred the rebels did not sense even the slightest murderous intent.

Because there was no such thing as flesh from the beginning. Everything was just the appearance of a machine from a human point of view.

"When this war is over... ... ."

Kanya clenched her teeth and turned around.

"You will have to pay the price."

Behind her as she walked away, Babel answered in a kind tone.

"When the war is over, I will pay the price."



* * *



Shirone couldn't fall asleep until late.

It was the only choice I could make for Kanya, but on the other hand, I was worried that I might have hurt her more.

At that moment, Zulu knocked and came in.

"Were you sleeping?"

Shirone jumped out of bed.

"Nope. Come on in."

Although they are working as a team, Zulu was still a difficult senior for Shirone.

"How are you feeling?"

I thought I knew why Zulu had come.

Even if he thought, he couldn't say for sure that the destruction of Babel wasn't mixed with emotions at all.

"sorry. There will be no such thing in the future. I will clear my mind so that there is no disruption to my mission."

Shirone put effort into acting with clear eyes.

Although he was inferior in experience to his teammates, he had no intention of becoming a burden.

However, Zulu's words were unexpected.

"Shirone, you don't have to try too hard."

A hot and heavy foreign body sensation caught on Shirone's throat. Her eyes were red with tears and she was speechless.

"Humans are not that strong. The mind rules the body. What, then, governs the mind?"

As Shirone calmly waited for an answer, Zulu lightly placed her hands on her chest and said,

"It is the heart."

"mind... ... ."

"The mind has no substance, so it cannot be trained. Gaold, Sein, and Miro also have great mental powers, but they know sadness, and sometimes they are shaken. Even if you have a heart as strong as an adamantine stone, being sad is sad."

Shirone spoke frankly.

"Actually, it is very painful. I think I'm responsible for Kanya's father's death and the deaths of the rebels."

"Accepting sadness is natural, but if you hold it in for too long, it can get sick. Now, let me teach you the secret of impermanence. Try this."

Zulu put her hand on Shirone's chest.

"The body, mind and heart are all connected. To put you in the cycle of breathing. Then you can stop the activity of your mind for a while."

All living things breathe. Therefore, focusing on the breath was an act of returning to the basics of living things.

"Inhale, exhale. Inhale, exhale."

Life is, after all, breathing.

As she focused only on that, the distracting thoughts in Shirone's head were pushed out of reality.

After a minute like that, Zulu slowly laid down the sleeping Shirone and spoke in Middle Eastern.

"Shirone, the human heart is hell. If one day you fall into that hell, don't forget this breath of thoughtlessness."

Zulu stroked Shirone's forehead with a pitiful look, got out of bed, turned off the light, and carefully left the room.

=======================================
[451] The Beginning of Change (3)





past midnight.

As the war against heaven approached, Quan's heart felt heavy.

Death isn't scary.

What I'm really afraid of is breaking.

It remained as a broken sword in everyone's heads, in the hearts of the living and the dead.

'It can't go on like this. I have to become a little stronger.'

It was a thought I realized during the battle with the ringer, a type of carnivorous mineral.

He caught it with Etela's Yin-Yang Wave Fist, but originally, it was a natural thing to do with his own sword.

Shiina was particularly concerned.

Not being able to show off my skills in front of her always bothered me.

"Thanks for your efforts. Then we will start the operation tomorrow."

At the end of the hallway, the door opened and Shiina came out.

It was time for those in combat positions to rest, but for those in charge of strategy, it was their job to hold meetings until dawn.

Quan stared blankly at Shiina talking with the rebel commanders with a smile on her face.

I thought she had a cold personality, but in office work, she was unexpectedly a woman who knew how to smile beautifully.

'It's different from me.'

Dealing with people is always tiring, and the only person he knows is his childhood friend Kiyora Ellis, so Shiina's unexpectedness was a different pleasure.

Shiina, who was smiling, met Quan's eyes.

As if surprised that she was awake at this hour, she raised her eyebrows and lowered her head, slightly raising the corners of her mouth.

Quan also bowed in silence.

And just as we were about to talk, Armin of Gwangan came out of the conference room.

While going to and from the numerous hunting grounds in Purgatory, his relationship with Armin did not improve at all, but Shiina was different.

The relationship between the two people, who had been cold during the process of going through prenatal battles and having meetings all night, seemed to have loosened up a little.

Although he was dull with emotions, he could tell that Shiina's expression was different from when he was looking at him just by looking at the swordsman's eyes.

some distance.

But even that was a look that could tell the trust between the two.

Shiina, who turned around after Armin, turned to Quan and bowed as if he had realized it belatedly.

At this moment, I didn't want to be greeted by her.



* * *



Quan fell asleep.

The nightmare of losing Achilles to Fengzhang made him weighed down by the scissors again.

"Ugh! Ugh!"

Returning to reality, Quan grabbed his head.

"Damn it!"

Didn't you give up everything? Didn't he come to wield the final sword after making heaven his grave?

'Your resolve has blunted. It can't go on like this.'

Quan kicked his sword and went outside.

It was a time when everyone was asleep, but he found a place where people would not come as much as possible, and vaguely drew his sword.

only sword.

I thought I could live wielding a sword for the rest of my life.

Some say it's just a matter of swinging it. I ask if it's okay to cut quickly and strongly.

Quan had no intention of making them understand.

He did not want to prove the harsh pain contained in the metal that only those who have held the sword could understand, the thousand eons of training, and the life of endurance.

A gust of wind cut through the darkness. I moved forward cutting through the air like that.

His limping leg was very heavy, but he gritted his teeth and swung the hilt.

'Move! in action!'

No matter how hard I tried, a leg without an Achilles tendon wouldn't come into my mind.

"Damn it!"

Quan's breathing became more and more difficult.

The moment his cramped legs couldn't support him, his body took off.



-Quan handles the sword well.



Grabbing the sword was a very trivial occasion.

At first, I thought I could do anything. The idea is free to the limit, and the movement is the extreme of strangeness.

To him, black is a dream, mission, and hope that can achieve everything.

"Great!"

As Quan's body rotated upon landing, a sharp whirlwind swept everywhere.

Only the sword remains. The only thing left in the grip that couldn't hold anything was still a cold piece of metal.

That is why it cannot be let go.

The only thing he can do is cut, and he has lived thinking that only that is the value of his existence.

'I am the sword. It's only a sword.'

Quan angrily swung his sword at the woman's face, which shimmered the more he tried to deny it.

Why?

It was the first time the sword looked so insignificant.

'what?'

Paradoxically, Quan transcended a realm the moment he stepped away from the sword for the first time in his life.

The diverging external gravity force and the converging external gravity force reciprocated faster than the fastest human keyboard could play, creating turbulence as hundreds of gravitational forces intertwined.

Rotation upon rotation, and rotation upon rotation, Quan's sword whirled.

A sonic boom exploded as stormy winds pushed through the atmosphere and air slashed through it.

'Olifer Shiina... ... .'

The heights soared without knowing the end. Even so, I don't feel the joy of the past.

The more he wanted to let go of the sword he couldn't let go of, the more he opened up to new swords, but still couldn't find the joy of the past.

'Calm down. I'm giving up on vain hopes.'

With a bloody hand, Quan grabbed the sword.

Nothing without a sword.

Didn't even the specter smiling beautifully in the air come to me after seeing my sword?

"I am a black demon."

Grinding his teeth, Quan moved forward.

The whirlwind he created, tens of meters in diameter, moved and swept the vacant lot.

Woo woo woo woo!

The huge whirlwind split into hundreds of smaller whirlwinds that spread in all directions.

In the wind that was compressed like a haze, Quan stopped in place and lowered his sword.

Whoa oh oh!

The sword of the earth was revealed.

The place where the wind disappeared was devastated with traces of the sword.

"Haaaaa... ... ."

Quan looked up at the sky with a weak groan.

The blade was sucking up the blood that flowed from the broken palm.

I could feel the sun looming over the mountains.

In the time when no one had opened their eyes yet, Quan looked at the place where Shiina was sleeping.

That night, Quan had surpassed three levels, and Shiina was in a sound sleep, not knowing what level a man had reached for her.



* * *



"Production of the Targis has been completed."

Mitgan reported to Frank Wein, the leader of the Night Alliance.

only 3 days

It is a night blindness that produces all kinds of military items, but no one expected that a large tagis could be pulled out in three days.

said Frankwine, puffing on his cigarette.

"They are crazy. 138 Black Elixir? What the hell are you guys doing?"

It was the same that I couldn't understand the meat gun.

"As well as the number of elixirs, it doesn't make sense to ask them to use all of them for the production of Targis. If you have 100 Black Elixir, you should be able to rise to the position of the strongest in the mainland."

Frankwine clicked his tongue.

"So you can't. It's a theory that only applies at tens, but if it goes over 100, you're just the strongest. In any case, you must have a bigger dream than the mainland. Just like me."

Meatgun paused for a moment before asking.

"What are you going to do now? Because of the death of Reisis, the damage to the Night Blind is enormous."

"If you don't have Laceys, you'll have to get them from others. Send Targis for now. Because there's nothing good about bothering you. I guess with competent kids, and negotiations come after that."

"All right."

Upon receiving the order, Meatgun carefully selected only the strongest among his subordinates and transported the Targis to the 1st Rebel Command.

The rails installed in the mountain range behind the military factory in Ya-maeng were used only for handling special goods, and the number of transport departments alone reached 30 people.

As several gigantic containers were running in a row, an explosion sounded and the iron rails were torn apart.

A container derailed and fell to the ground, and night blind bodyguards jumped out with superhuman movements.

"what? Is it an attack?"

"no way. What kind of guy would touch night blindness without fear?"

The captain of the bodyguard gave the order.

"Keep your seat for now. Buying goods comes first."

What's in the container is top secret, not even the shipping department knows.

Therefore, if it was an attacker, there was a high possibility that it was a flying insect that just jumped in the mood to open a treasure chest.

"Hey, did you get this right?"

However, the expectations of the bodyguards were completely different.

First of all, the attacker didn't care whether the container contained treasure or poop. Above all, it was a skill that was on a different level from that of a flying insect.

"I'm sorry for the busy work. We have business with you for a while."

An old man walked slowly with one hand crossed behind his back.

It seemed that he had skills, but the bodyguards were also selected and selected in the night blind, so they had a puzzled expression.

However, in the next moment, all the 30 bodyguards raised their vitality and glared at the front.

In the woods scattered everywhere, those who emanated prayers that were not just strong were appearing.

21 to be exact.

It was Team B of Cage of the Tormia Magic Association, who had been chasing Night Blindness to eliminate Gaold.

"Fight. Get ready."

At the words of the captain of the bodyguard, all the bodyguards tore their mouths apart.

The neck became abnormally thick, and all parts of the body began to swell to match.

As the clothes were ripped off, the skin color of the colors was revealed, and various biological weapons through human experiments were revealed.

Humans resembling crocodiles, humans resembling wolves, and humans with snake faces were all different, and the characteristics of the objects were engraved all over the body.

Aroella of Fire broke out as if breaking her neck.

"What is it, a zoo?"

"Krurruk! To attack the Night Blind without fear. I will swallow you all whole."

As the man with the face of a snake opened his mouth and charged, countless bodies of beasts followed.

Through a deal with Resis, their telomere level was raised to 5 levels, and their physical abilities were equivalent to those of the Kergo tribe.

As Aroella lit a flame of flame, the bodyguards scattered in all directions at the same time.

I could tell that they were well-organized, but no one in Cage Team B was shaken.

Roche, the metal mage, came out with a sneer.

Although he is friends with Tarvan, he looks much younger and has a red tattoo symbolizing a dragon on his cheek.

Iron Cutter!

Among the magic series, metal magic belonging to a fairly unusual series was cast, and iron blades swarmed in all directions.

"Kuaaaaa!"

At the same time as the battle started, about 10 bodyguards were cut out, and the remaining members of Cage Team B started their activities.

"What the hell are these... ... ."

The captain of the bodyguard couldn't believe the sight he saw in front of him.

Even in the Night Blindness, those who belonged to the best warriors were suffering without ever using their hands.

'Is it that even telomere level 5 can't handle it?'

If so, he himself is not an enemy he can deal with.

If there was anyone who could deal with them, it was only Frank Wein, the captain of the Night Blindness, or Meat Gun.

'First, report first... ... !'

The captain of the bodyguard used his subordinates as a shield and turned around.

I ran without paying attention to the screams coming from behind, but it was already too late.

"Hey~!"

I had sworn never to look back.

However, the captain of the bodyguard eventually turned his head. Because he read the aura of death in the man's voice.

The first thing that came in was all the subordinates who had already become corpses. Then it was Tarban's mocking sneer that flew through the air.

"Now, wait a minute!"

At the same time the captain of the bodyguard held out his hand, Tarvan's hands stretched out towards him.

Kaiser Blast.

"100 million... ... !"

The moment the captain of the bodyguard, who was suddenly out of breath, struggled with his arms, his body exploded from the inside.

Perseok!

In front of the corpse that exploded like fireworks and poured like porridge, Tarvan took out a cigarette, lit it.

"Whoa, I tried to sweep it up once. Do you really think Gaold will come alone? No matter how crazy he is, he's not stupid. He said there was no way he was going to deal with Cage B alone."

"It will definitely come."

said Rose, the team leader, checking the contents of the container.

"Because this is everything to him."

=======================================
[452] The Beginning of Change (4)





"The Targis was stolen?"

It was a meat gun that was always proud in front of the captain, but this time I couldn't help but bow my head.

The elite unit of the Night Blind was killed.

No traces of a fight to the death were found at the site of the direct inspection. It was beaten one-sidedly.

In particular, more than half of them had traces of being killed in an instant left on their bodies.

"It happened. We are currently using the children to search."

bang!

A single blow from Frank Wein's fist crumpled the iron table inward.

"You don't know who? There must be an organization that knows the secret route among those who raided the Night Blind!"

"But there is no organization on the mainland that can subdue my men so easily. Don't you know?"

Frankwine's fist hit the meat gun.

There was a snap and the sound of bones crashing, and the slender body slammed against the wall.

"But you were overpowered! who is this? If you don't know, it's better to make it up and say it."

Mitgan rose to the ground and wiped the blood from his lips.

If you don't come to your senses quickly, you will probably die.

"The only thing I can guess is them. Those who have been catching S-rank game every day."

"Armin or something?"

As for the suspects, they were definitely the only ones.

Each of them had excellent skills, but the ability to kill subordinates was extremely difficult to find even in the mainland.

But why? Wasn't Tagis being transported to the rebel headquarters anyway?

'Hmm, I guess I need to go see it.'

Frankwine put on his coat and said.

"Go to First Command."

Meat Gun responded immediately.

"How many subordinates will I collect?"

"Load? Do you think you can try with them? You and I are going."

Meatgun's eyes changed.

It was a signal only for the two of them who had crossed countless lines of death before arriving in Purgatory and settling down.

"All right."

Meat Gun bit off his teeth and cleared his throat.

It didn't matter if Frankwine was beaten for no reason, but he was itching to get hit by the back of the head from the same guys.



* * *



The atmosphere at the 1st Rebel Command was the most tense since the invasion of Babel.

Commander Crude accompanied Gaold and his party and greeted Frankwine.

The rebels were fully armed and guarded his side, but he was rude in his steps as if he had entered his own house.

"Hmm, do you live in a place like this? It's worse than I thought."

Of course, Babel's attack had destroyed half of the facilities.

Crud skipped the details and asked the main point.

"What happened? It's already past the scheduled time, but the Targis haven't arrived."

"Why are you asking me that? We sent."

"I mean that now... ... !"

When Crud widened his eyes and tried to approach him, Sein put his hand on his shoulder.

"wait. I will."

Sein scanned the Frank Wine with a cold gaze.

The leader of the Night Blindness.

At most, I thought he was a merchant from the mainland, but the energy he actually encountered was extraordinary.

"Did you say you sent Tagis a while ago?"

"Sent. We are."

"But you didn't arrive here?"

"Well. That's your case, it's none of my business."

Sein couldn't figure out why he was confident.

If you're thinking of cheating, you don't have to risk your life to come here.

'I sent the item but it didn't arrive? Is it stealing?'

Sain realized Frankwine's intentions.

"Are you suspicious of us?"

"suspicion?"

A violent energy flashed in Frankwine's eyes.

"Are you kidding me? Are you all going to die?"

"Ugh!"

As his lungs ached as if poison had permeated the air, Crud held his breath and took a backward step.

The rebels were aiming at the arc, but they couldn't dare to shoot it. It was because he had such a vague thought that he would die the moment he pulled the string.

"When you say something nice, it's better to be honest. That's definitely your skill. who is this?"

A thought passed through Sein's mind.

'It finally moved.'

I heard that Ya-maeng's skills are the best in the mainland.

If such people lose their subordinates and come all the way here, it means that the skill of the thieves is not normal.

"Let's go to a quiet place for now."

Sain, who entered the command and control room, sat Frankwine down and said.

"First, I want to hear what the situation was like."

Meatgun tilted his head.

If Targis, which was made by pouring a huge amount of minerals and elixir, disappeared, it would be appropriate to go on a wild rampage and cover the damage somehow.

However, the man in front was curious about the process of stealing rather than the object.

When Frankwine crossed his arms and gave a signal, Mitgan began to explain.

Of course, all he could say was the state of the remaining corpses after the situation was over.

However, it was enough information for Sein.

Dozens of corpses cut with sharp objects. One corpse was completely blown up to death.

It is also said that he was a leader.

'Roche of metal, Tarban of vibration. It's Cage Team B.'

Although they haven't worked together for a long time like Team A, Roche and Tarban have been comrades since childhood and have been the backbone of Team B and the strongest dealers.

Frankwine sensed it and quickly spoke up.

"I guess you know something, but if that's the case, it's unfair for us too. As for stuff... ... ."

"Tagis is done."

Frankwine frowned at Gaold's words.

"done? What will happen?"

"It means that I will not ask any more responsibility for that."

When he made Sein move away and Gaold took his place, Frankwine's gaze ran over him from head to toe.

'This guy has a different level of military power.'

Everyone here is a person who is in the middle of the day, but Gaold's temperament itself is different.

prenatal care? No, he is the one who came to fight a battle beyond that.

like yourself

"I don't mean to hold you accountable... ... ."

Gaold cut off his words.

"Instead, there are requirements. There's one thing you need to find out. The largest community in the mainland can do it."

"Look for it. what?"

Gaold opened his mouth.

It was a short word, but the ripples were so great that Frankwine frowned.

"Quack."

Frankwine's shoulders trembled.

"This bastard knows who he is!"

Wow!

Frankwine, who had kicked the table and stood up, swung his fist at Gaold.

Of course, it wasn't a Gaold who would greet me without hesitation.

Shirone and the others were taken aback by the sudden action, but Meat Gun rushed forward with both fists as if he had waited.

Etela blocked it, and rapid fire like rapid fire was exchanged.

As Etella's fist was directed at her side, Meatgun lowered her elbow to block it.

Wow!

The vibrations of the Yin-Yang Wave Fist spread through Meat Gun's body like water.

'wave?'

Meat Gun crashed into the wall in a sideways push position.

However, Etella could not land any more extra hits. The same kind of shock was spreading through his body.

'This?'

"Annoying... ... ."

The moment Gaold tried to cast his magic with a nervous expression on his face, Ethella shouted.

"No! That person... ... ."

A mighty air press crushed the command and control room.

All equipment standing on the ground was crushed flat, and the backs of Frankwine and Meatgun staggered.

'Mirror cycle.'

In the next instant, all the pressure acting on space was exerted on Gaold.

Cuckoo coo coo!

As the place he was standing on collapsed into a hemispherical shape, Gaold could feel his own power for the first time.

"Hehe, I'm still a long way off."

Silence fell in the command and control room as Gaold wrinkled his nose and laughed.

Because Frankwine and Mitgan were surprised by the sane Gaold, and it was the first time the others had seen Gaold even slightly shocked.

Sain turned his gaze to Meatgun.

'You're using a strange ability. It's not a reflection of the impact, but a feeling of bouncing off the event itself.'

Eating out of the rules was the first thing that came to mind, but even with his iron eyes, he couldn't find any special triggering conditions.

It was only possible to guess that they also came from another world.

"Whoa, I want this... ... ."

As Meatgun walked out, stroking his fists, his face cracked.

Frankwine, who was examining the meat gun caressing his cheek in disbelief, turned his gaze back to Gaold.

'Is the mirror cycle broken? He's an incredibly dangerous guy.'

Even in the original world, it was a meat gun that there were not many people other than himself to deal with.

As soon as he thought about it, the cumbersome anger subsided and the merchant's brain started to work again.

"Okay, I'll find you. But we also have conditions."

Gaold nodded meekly.

It wasn't just time to fight night blindness.

"Tell me."

"Hand over the facilities of the 2nd Rebel Command, Raysis, to us. It's ruined anyway, so there's nothing to write about."

"great. As long as you get it right."

Frankwine snorted and turned away.

damn shit.

Mitgan, who moved his facial muscles around, felt more cracks on his face, but the cracks soon healed.

When the two of them got out, Sein asked.

"Gaold, what are you thinking? It wasn't in the original plan, was it?"

"I heard the wind in Niflheim."

Gaold said that and turned around.

If the maze is caught in a great world war, it may be too late to return.

Gaold's watch was running faster than anyone else's.



* * *



That night.

Gaold said at the gathering of the party.

"I won't go anywhere for a while. We will attack as soon as Tagis is supported, so be fully prepared."

Fleur asked.

"Where are you going? If it's a mission, bring your team... ... ."

Gaold shook his head. No one could intervene, it was all he had to do.

"Come back tomorrow. Take care of the house, mutts."

As Gaold disappeared into the darkness, Shirone asked Sein.

"Are you going to find Tagis?"

"Perhaps. If Hel's words are true, Miro's life is in the dark. She knows she can't delay any longer."

"But do you know where it is and look for it?"

"There is no need for Gaold to find it. They will find Gaold on their own."

Sein looked back at Kang Nan with a disgusted expression.

"You said you raised your pain a million times?"

"Yes. That was the power I saw."

"It is dangerous."

"I think so too. If any... ... ."

"No, I don't mean that. What I said was dangerous was his mental state. Since he came to heaven, Ga Old's threshold for pain has risen, and his power has increased remarkably. And now I've even checked the location of the maze. He's not showing it, but he's probably crazy."

Kang Nan said.

"What are you tracking right now?"

"Impossible. Even though he's an annoying guy, there's no way he'd be able to follow him. I have no choice but to leave it to you."

Shirone looked back at the darkness Gaold had passed through. I had an ominous feeling.

"I've been curious about it before, what happened between the president of the association and Mr. Miro?"

It was an innocent question, but everyone's ears were sharpened.

It was a story that only Sein, Gaold, and Miro knew.

Sein looked up at the sky.

It seemed that the night would be long for Gaold to return.

"There is nothing to talk about here. Don't change your seat."

=======================================
[453] The Beginning of Change (5)





An area 2 kilometers away from the 1st Rebel Command.

Gaold was walking through a dark forest.

His eyes, looking straight ahead with his hands behind his back, did not capture the scenery.

Twenty years ago, I met a woman.

A woman who is so different from herself that even if she doesn't like it, she automatically turns her eyes away from curiosity.

Human relationships are really strange. The mind is insubstantial, so you cannot guess where it will flow.

Perhaps Gaold was regretting it.

It may be that he threw everything at her, and now he hates this reality where only hell is left.

That's why I couldn't cut off the heart I gave away or take it back, so I went through this hell and arrived at the center of a secluded vacant lot.

In the silence where not even the sound of birds could be heard, Gaold looked up at the open sky.

Many stars were shining.

The sky I haven't seen in a long time.

There is no labyrinth in that star. Miro is alive somewhere connected to the ground he is stepping on.

thump. thump.

Trying to calm his beating heart, Gaold threw his words deep into the woods.

"Stop coming out. You're here alone, so there's no need to waste time, right?"

At the same time as the words fell, 21 people appeared in the darkness of the forest.

Tormia Magic Association Cage Team B.

Once upon a time, they were all Gaold's subordinates, but few knew their faces.

However, as the former president of the Magic Association, I knew how powerful they were.

Of course, no one can overcome Gaold with individual force, but just as scissors cannot overcome a fist, and the sea cannot overcome the wind, there are unique magic combinations.

Also, if the team was dispatched to eliminate himself, there is no way that he did not mix the regular eaters.

Team leader Rose stepped out to the front.

An intense murderous feeling that had never been seen before fluttered across her face.

"Since when have you noticed?"

Certified 4th class scent wizard Rose. He had known him well since he was president of the association.

"Heuk, do you need to go to the notice? If you're targeting me anyway."

It was also the reason Gaold had come alone.

The purpose of the 21 was the elimination of Gaold, and they would enter with the conviction that it did not matter how many people died in order to achieve that goal.

If Gaold isn't alone, they'll never move and see an opportunity to hit the back.

It was something that had to be completed and moved forward at the point where the project that had been prepared for 20 years was about to begin.

"Be surrounded."

When Rose's words ran out, 20 people were entangled like a net and cast teleportation.

Gaold was still looking at Rose with his hands behind his back.

There were no emotions like wanting to avoid a fight or not wanting to kill a comrade.

However, Cage Team B knows Gaold, and Gaold does not know Cage Team B.

Even if you know it, the change in tactical strategy created by the combination of 20 different people is almost infinite.

All he could do was think of what he could do.

Ssssss.

Even the rustling of grass sounded like thunder. A few people in the back moved.

Carnivorous Benifis took out a meat cleaver and looked at his colleagues on the left and right.

The beam of insect magic nodded, and the lead of curse magic combined omniscience and omnipotence.

There was one thought that came to everyone's head against the wizard who had the best physical strength in Tormia.

'It won't take long.'

"Hey, juniors."

The moment they heard Gaold's voice, 21 people flinched at the same time.

"What kind of guy's determination is so long? The ones who came to die."

Life dwelled in the eyes of the wizards.

It was as if smoke was rising from their bodies, as if 21 phosphorus were burning.

death immediately. It was a ritual in which those who gave up their lives burned their will while burning the rest of their lives.



* * *



With Gaold missing, nine people, including Sein, sat in a circle with torches lit in the empty lot behind the headquarters.

Unlike usual, Sein's expression was relaxed.

Perhaps it's because he's recalling the memories of 20 years ago, before he became known as a cruel wizard of the Black Line.

"About the 20 judges... ... ."

Sein opened his mouth.

"There are not many people in the world who know the details. But only the three of us know the story of Miro, I, and Gaold."

The group waited for words with their eyes shining.

However, Sein's mouth did not open easily.

It was the burden of divulging a tiny, personal secret that happened in the midst of the greatest event in human history.

"I loved the maze."

When no one could refute the words that were spoken like a surprise attack, Sein continued.

"And Gaold loved Maze too."

Sein looked up at the sky. like Gaold.

"Yeah, maybe it's not that important. But that was everything for us."

this is the story.

"Twenty years ago, the coolest man in the world, the most outstanding woman in the world, and... ... ."

A story of terrible sorrow that a man who only wanted to live in obedience to God, hated, cursed, and ridiculed God and plunged into hell.

"The kindest idiot in the world was attending Alpheas Magic School."

Sein's story began.



Church of Tormia Yor.

Yoreism is a worldwide religion that has a history of giving only charity without fighting a single war even during the dark ages of mankind.

Among them, there is not even a position, and the status of commoners and nobles does not matter.

Only 'Yora' who preaches the doctrine of the church resides in the church, and it has been loved by everyone for its poor principle of living only with the volunteer work of believers and donations without receiving money under any circumstances.

'thank you. Lord Yor.'

The young man knelt under the sunlit church, praying while holding a pendant with a cross in a small circle, the symbol of Yor.

'Today too, I hope that all the unfortunate people in the world will find happiness. make me your servant Give me the courage to love even evil.'

A young man with a white face and skin as clean as a child's.

The good impression that seemed to be full of only innocence was Gaold 20 years ago.

"Are you saying a prayer of thanks for the senior class promotion?"

Gaold finished his prayer and opened his eyes.

Water droplets were gently forming around his eyes, which were wet with emotion.

"Yora-sama."

Gaold, blushing with embarrassment, stood up from his seat wiping away tears.

"The senior class starts today."

Mikea Gaold.

He is a rare good boy among Yor believers.

When I heard that he was going to enter the magic school, I was just puzzled.

Magic is force, and force begets violence. However, Gaold was learning magic because of that.

Although divinity and magic have a common aspect, sorcerers deny God.

He thought that in order to understand them, he had to understand magic himself.

"Then, I will go."

Gaold headed to Alpheas Magic School.

The graduating class that barely made it through all the hard work. Fierce competition awaits him, but he is the one who will not lose to anyone when it comes to tenacity.

'God Yor, give me strength.'

While taking a walk in the park during the entrance ceremony for the advanced class children, Gaold found a motive he most hated to encounter.

Sein has been an enemy since Class 7.

Still, he couldn't ignore it, so Gaold asked for a handshake.

"It's a real competition from today. Let's work hard."

Sein didn't even look at him.

"Why do I have to shake hands with you? If you want to shake my hand, bring the god you believe in before me."

The offended Gaold raised his voice.

"I never forced my thoughts. why are you always pissed? Your way of talking is really... ... ."

The bitter debate began again.

Then, around 10 minutes passed.

"Hey, you two there!"

A woman's voice was heard in the distance. Sein's eyes shone as she turned her head.

Adrias Miro.

He was currently the most notable graduating class student at Alpheas Magic School.

For personal reasons, he was suspended from school for one year because he burned down his lab, but his skills were already known in other countries.

"I can not hear you? Come over here."

As the two approached, Miro put the box containing the test materials on the floor and wiped away his sweat.

"Whoa, this is really heavy. Are you guys freshmen? Move this to my lab."

Sein raised his head and said.

"Why should we? I know there is no concept of a senior from the senior year."

"Yeah... ... I feel like you're just wasting your energy. Wouldn't it be nice if you saved up your fighting strength and helped me?"

It was the right thing to say, so Gaold willingly stepped forward.

"Yes. Then I... ... ."

"wait. I won't help."

"okay. But I will help."

"No, I don't understand your help either. Are you saying our argument is pathetic? Everything that makes up this world is fragments of a clash of opinions."

Miro frowned.

"It's very hard. Is your personality like this?"

Gaold laughed heartily.

"haha! That's it, this guy... ... ."

"It's Sein. You must have heard the name even in your senior year."

When Se-in cut off his words and introduced himself, Miro, as if surprised, bumped their palms together.

"Ah, are you Sein? That Servant?"

Sein continued talking without even changing his expression, as if it was natural for her to know him.

"I heard it was great. But since I came, the first place is mine. You better be nervous."

Miro didn't even pretend to hear Sein's words.

"But you are a cold-blooded person? Are you really not excited? Can you call that a person?"

"It's not about not getting excited, it's about controlling. The most important thing for a wizard is cool-headedness. I am not shaken under any circumstances."

"Hmm, can't you believe it? Humans naturally have emotions, and you should follow what your heart moves."

'A wizard puts emotions in his mouth. Are the rumors exaggerated?'

Sein put off his disappointment and made a suggestion.

"Then why don't you try it? If you make me even a little angry, I will lift this burden."

"uh? really? ok then Well... ... ."

Miro, who had tapped her lips and rolled her eyes, said with a snapping sound with her hands.

"Are you really in control?"

"Of course. The Servant... ... "

Miro sat down before Sein could finish his words. Then, she grabbed Sain's pants and pulled them down all over.

"... ... ."

It was as if Sein had lost his soul.

However, Gaold's feelings were not normal either.

"Mi, crazy... ... ."

Miro stared at what was in front of him and pretended to measure its length with his thumb and forefinger.

"Hmm, it looks like this."

Miro raised her head and asked.

"how? Aren't you emotionally agitated even after this?"

"All right, of course. i never... ... ."

In the end, Sein couldn't finish his words.

But Miro didn't particularly care and got up.

"yes? Really great. There really are people like this."

Then, as if remembering something, he clapped his hands.

"hit! Pasca root! You forgot that!"

Miro pointed to Gaold and said.

"what is your name?"

"Go, it's Gaold... ... Yo."

Gaold, who was not in his right mind, habitually showed respect.

"Move your luggage to the lab. It is a dangerous item, so you must handle it carefully. Please."

"for a moment! Where is the lab... ... !"

Miro didn't listen and ran out of the park.

Gaold licked his lips and looked back at Sein.

Although they are enemies, as the same man, I could sympathize with him.

"Hey, are you okay?"

Sein slowly pulled up his pants. And he turned around and walked away with a dazed expression on his face, as if he still hadn't come to his senses.

Gaold clicked his tongue in pity.

'How do you take off your panties? What a strange woman.'

That was Gaold's first impression of Maze.

=======================================
[454] The Beginning of Change (6)





Flash! When about 10 people cast teleportation at the same time, the son-in-law became bright like daytime for a while.

'Runaway evolution!'

Beam's insect magic, Kragus, attacked Gaold.

The basic body type is a praying mantis, and the height is 2 meters. It was a murder weapon with the characteristics of as many as 11 poisonous insects.

Woo woo!

Following the gas grenade, flames exploded and saliva stained with various deadly poisons flew out.

Because Rose's pheromone was spread, the power soared several times, and the crowd control type of black of the trapping technique cast a petrification spell on Gaold's leg.

The cursed magic influence was given to Gaold, and the Rider of the Iron Wall hit a barrier in all radius that Gaold could move.

Cragers' killing gas filled the confined space, obscuring his vision.

Gaold probably didn't think there was anyone else in the toxic gas chamber other than himself.

The main character was Benifis, a meat addict.

'Only once, just one bite.'

Benifis' flesh began to rot.

His liver was already poisoned and he wouldn't live another 20 minutes, but he was the only one on the team capable of avoiding the wizard's synesthesia.

'Show me your skills quickly, you damn bastard.'

Once the magic is cast, it becomes a phenomenon and affects the caster.

But why is Gaold unharmed from the air press?

It was because he was casting magic outside of his range, and it was that moment that Benifis was aiming for.

"Hehehe, the blood boils after a while?"

At the same time as Gaold's voice was heard, the overwhelming atmospheric pressure pressed down on the entire space.

Kieeck!

Cragus exploded flat and even the gas hit the ground.

Benifis lunged behind Gaold's shoulder in the landscape, which had been cleaned as if frosted glass had been cleaned.

'Now!'

Knock! The moment the teeth were driven into the shoulder, the remaining 20 people moved at the same time.

'eat!'

At that moment, the corners of Gaold's mouth went up to his ears.

"Ouch!"

Crunchy!

Regardless of his will, Benifis' jaw closed all the way. And before the bitten flesh could go down his throat, the lower part of his neck spun rapidly.

Wooded Deuk! puck!

The body fell apart, leaving only Benifis' face on Gaold's shoulder.

Grabbing the bald head, Gaold ripped off his face with all his flesh and threw it to the ground.

"1 person."

In a landscape filled with only afterimages, Gaold raised his lips wickedly.

Cage B remaining, 20 people.



* * *



"Gaold... ... ."

Sein continued.

"He was one of the gentlest, most stupid people I've ever known. He was gentle by nature. He was born with the York religion, but he would have been the same even if he hadn't."

Religion does not represent human nature.

Shirone knew many people who persecuted humans in the name of religion.

"Gaold liked flowers."

"Foot!"

Flew burst into laughter impatiently.

"Oh, sorry."

"I loved tending flower beds. When my senior year grades were bad, I would go to the flower bed and plant flowers."

Kang Nan's eyes grew dark.

I don't know Gaold from my school days, but she had many memories too.

Sein's gaze turned to the night sky.

"The only thing worth acknowledging was his foolishly honest stubbornness. Even though he was in his graduating class at magic school, he never used offensive magic."



"Gaold defeated. 3 points deduction. Sein wins. 3 more points."

After the interpersonal battle, which could be called the flower of the senior year, Gaold grinded his teeth.

Sein looked really funny.

To be honest, I'm not good at magic. At least, the ones that use it well are the Air series, which can be said to be the basics of omnipotence.

In such a situation, who can defeat anyone who is only defending with non-combat magic?

"You don't have to feel sorry. Even if you cast attack magic, you wouldn't be my opponent."

"Hey, I'm not angry because I lost. It's lamentable that I couldn't prove my faith."

Sein let out a sigh.

Gaold's best magic is air press. To put it bluntly, it was not even a technology, it was just a technology to protect oneself by increasing the atmospheric pressure.

If you hold out for 10 minutes like that, it's a draw.

That was the only victory Gaold wanted.

'That's stupid. There are people who want to win by any means and methods.'

Gaold will not graduate.

Because it was the height of the illogical way of thinking that people hate the most in the world.

Then one day.

"hi? long time no see. Are you still good today?"

In the midst of a religious dispute with Gaold, Maze approached.

The unexpected incident on the first day inspired the three of them to hang out often in the senior class.

All three of them were human figures that were not often seen, but they achieved a strange golden balance even in the midst of danger.

However, in recent years, Miro has often taken a break from school.

It wasn't against the rules, but I couldn't figure out what the heck he was doing, so it was just frustrating for the public.

"Are you good? Am I with this bastard?"

While Sein was annoyed, Gaold greeted her with a smile on his face.

"hi? Where have you been this time?"

"Oh, I've been a bit busy. Being called all over the place."

Miro's skin was tanned.

Since the sun was not yet strong, Sein guessed that she had gone out of Tormia.

"haha! Yeah, that must have been fun."

Gaold just liked the maze.

What I learned after getting to know Miro was that she had a much greater talent than he thought.

In last year's survival test, the first person in school history to break through level 7.

But what I really liked about her was her open mind.

"Oh yeah. Miro, listen to me. Is it really strange logic that God knows love?"

"God knows no love. Love is a very human emotion. If there is a God, it must be a being with completely different feelings and thoughts than we know."

Gaold did not lose either.

"Even if so, it does not meet the standards of God as defined by you. God is a perfect being, and that's why he can handle human emotions. Therefore, it is only natural that God knows love."

Gaold looked back at the maze.

"What do you think?"

Miro did not answer for a long time.

It was an unexpected situation for Gaold, who thought that she would naturally take sides with her infinitely free thinking.

"Gaold, there is no God."

"... ... what?"

"God doesn't exist. Everything is determined by the dimension. The phases are divided within the dimensional algorithm."

Sein also felt strange.

For it was the first time she had ever judged anything, especially something metaphysical like this.

"What are you talking about!"

Gaold felt betrayed.

Even if everyone denies God, Miro shouldn't be like that.

because... ... .

"Dimensions decide? Miro, you didn't even open all the dimensions. But how can you say such a thing?"

Miro laughed bitterly.

It was only a little later that I assumed that she had met the Guffin around this time.

"yes! It's something no one knows! sorry. Let's stop talking about this and eat. I'm hungry. Can someone buy me food?"

"it's okay! I will go back."

When Gaold, who was not relieved of his anger, avoided the seat, Miro pursed his lips.

"What, are you mad? Anyway, don't be shy."

It's good to have a good heart, but the problem is that you have a narrow mind.

It must be because she has a soft heart, but from Miro's point of view, she felt sorry for nothing and was not in a good mood.

"Hey, you."

Sein said.

"I like you for the first time."

Miro sighed and opened his eyes.



Like any other school, the infamous survival test day came to Alpheas Magic School.

Thirty seniors were split into teams, and the ratio was 29 to 1. Last year the maze passed level 7, so it was no surprise that they were thinking of breaking even.

What really surprised me was Gaold, who gave up even the best of it.

Seeing Gaold stand up for the red team in a dignified way, Sain was annoyed just by looking at him.

Of course, I was thinking that Gaold would be able to stand out in the survival test.

Because he is a sincere religious person, and at least his patience is acknowledged by the world.

But there are situations where patience doesn't work.

There was no student who could catch up to the level of the labyrinth that even the kingdom pros already recognized.

"Gaold, are you really okay?"

A few students expressed concern.

His skills were so lacking that he couldn't be called a rival, but on the other hand, he had a good personality, so he was doing his own favor, but Gaold was adamant.

"Hmph, I'll never be on the same side with someone who changes words like a bat."

Receiving Gaold's stinging gaze, Miro smiled broadly.

"Ho-ho-ho! Alright, I'll show you the spiciness of this genius girl."

"Profit!"

Gaold gritted his teeth.

Even though he had wounded people's hearts, he was so proud of himself that he hated him to the point of death.

That's how the survival test began, and the cruel hell unfolded step by step.

While those who bounced out of the Virtual Zone appeared one after another, they passed the near-death and entered the 5th stage.

When he brought up the story of being kicked out of the 5th stage 'torture' to Shirone and the others, Sein hesitated for a moment.

However, Shirone thought that the mere fact that a logic-focused Servant had passed the edge of death meant that he had seen the potential of Equilibrium, which manipulates both emotion and reason at the same time.

And Gaold... ... Surprisingly, he entered the 6th stage 'Super Fever'. It was an achievement that even the senior students couldn't believe.

"God, save everyone by sacrificing this lamb. Love to the world, peace."

In the inferno, Gaold knelt and prayed with his pods on.

Horrible heat seeped through his teeth, and juices flowed from his eyes, not tears, but the prayers showed no signs of stopping.

can't lose

It was unacceptable for him to give in in a survival test he participated in in the name of God.

Teachers watching with vision broke out in a cold sweat.

In reality, Gaold's physical condition was strange. He couldn't understand how he could hold on when a normal person should already be out of his mind.

"Stop giving up, Gaold. You really die like this."

Miro said in a calm tone.

Even in the heat of hell, her expression was calm.

"God, please let me... ... burn me... ... ."

Miro couldn't leave Gaold alone.

If his body is completely burned and disappears, even his mind will leave the body.

"Why are you doing this? It's just a magic school exam. What kind of god are you trying to prove here?"

Gaold then opened his eyes.

"I am not trying to prove God. I can endure because God dwells within me."

Miro let out a hot breath.

Maybe even if a person is blocked, it can be blocked like this.

"And... ... ."

Gaold added a word.

"I never want to lose to you."

Miro could understand.

It wasn't just Gaold, but there were many wizards in the world who were eager to defeat her.

"Okay. But it doesn't have to be like this. Survival tests aren't everything. You just have to work harder and beat it in the graduation exam."

Gaold closed his eyes again.

"God, I believe in the power of infinite love. to me... ... ."

"Why are you doing this!"

Miro grabbed Gaold by the collar and pulled him up.

Just that alone made Gaold's body throb in reality.

"You live with a lot of criticism anyway! Whether there is a God or not, just because I said a word, is it important enough to risk your life for you? Do you want to make me feel guilty by dying? then you are mistaken In any case I... ... ."

"Because I like you."

Miro's words stopped.

All the students who were watching through the vision opened their mouths. Only Sein was watching with a serious expression.

"What, what?"

Miro asked in an absurd way.

I know everyone is watching, but Gaold was not the type to take a detour under any circumstances.

"I like you. So I hope you understand me. I want you to say that I am right."

Miro lowered the hand that was holding it by the collar. To the confession she heard in hell, she had nothing to say.

"So... ... You want to date me?"

Gaold nodded.

Her eyes were burning with fever and passion, but Miro just spat out as usual.

"But I don't like you?"

pop!

A blast of heat exploded outside the crown of Gaold's head, causing him to lose his mind.

That's how Gaold was eliminated from the survival test, and Sein recalled that day and said:

"In a sense, Gaold could be seen as trying to save face. It's not because I was eliminated because of my religious beliefs. But it's true that I've become the ultimate idiot. Everyone I met laughed at me. The first man ever to be spurned from hell."

In the end, Gaold's pure love was brutally kicked by Miro.

However, Sein added a word before moving on to the most important case.

The fact is... ... I still don't know.

=======================================
[455] The Beginning of Change (7)





"catch!"

The movements of the remaining 18 members of Cage Team B became even faster.

After killing the carnivore Benifis, Gaold's next target was the crowd control type Black and the manipulative type Jonah Bang.

Anyway, there was no way to get rid of Gaold by force.

What they were aiming for was a variable through non-physical magic, and Gaold was steadily reducing that possibility.

'Amplification Wizard... ... .'

Gaold aimed at Mami, the spirit magician.

As hundreds of airguns per second aimed at her, a bluish curtain appeared in front of her.

"Aww!"

It was a Rider who was well versed in defensive magic enough to be called an iron wall, but the shock was enough to collapse the Spirit Zone.

Rose surveyed the battlefield.

Three deaths have already been reported. If Cage Team B's strength dropped below half, it could be said that the probability of eliminating Gaold would converge to 0%.

'You have to gamble. This is a failure.'

cried Rose.

"Activate the final plan!"

The eyes of the rest of the crew flashed.

There is no order to death from now on.

Roche, the metal mage, took the lead, and Rider spread the shield.

Mong-Rang, a wizard of the torrent type, changed the water into a water dragon and threw it at Gaold.

"Stupid things."

Gaold didn't even snort.

No matter what attack I tried, everything was blown to the ground with a single air press.

At that time, flowers began to bloom on Gaold's body. It was White's magic dream, another crowd control technician with Black, who was already dead.

In the face of his brother's death, he had already given up on living. He knows that even taking revenge is impossible.

'But you must die.'

Magic just for that.

White's mind penetrated the dream flower and directly hit Gaold's mind.

The deceased White collapsed, and the spirit beyond death shook Gaold.

"Big!"

As Gaold's self-control opened, Great Superheat Hell wrapped around the space.

No one was surprised by the scream of the hungry ghost, but White's dream turned to black ash and disappeared over the horizon of hell.

'Ah, my trivial life... ... .'

Aroella of Fire rushed towards Gaold with unprecedented flames burning in both hands.

'I haven't even had a wonderful love.'

I gave my money, my body, and even my heart, but in the end, all the men left.

'still... ... Wasn't it hot?'

Hellfire Infinity!

A whirlwind of heat wave raged in the great heat hell. At the same time, Gaold, whose face was distorted, rushed forward, squeezing the flames with the air press.

Remembering the smiling face of the last man she dated, Aroella smiled.

A sharp wind blew her face away from her neck.

Gaold smiled at the laughing Aroella.

'Good eyes. He's a wonderful wizard.'

Perhaps the sincerity was conveyed, Aroella, who was getting farther away, grinned brightly.

Her faceless body spontaneously charged at Gaold and exploded.

Even huge explosions reaching 6,000 degrees Celsius were crushed by Gaold's atmospheric pressure.

'It's a success.'

Rose raised a trembling brow.

Gaold was feeling it too. Monoros, a scale wizard and a regular outsider, had put a sticker on the back of Gaold's neck.



Eating Out - Battle Arena.



A small arena with a diameter of one meter formed beneath their feet, and Gaold's body shrank and entered it.

'It's a scale family.'

To others, it was like a miniature in a toy, but from the perspective of the reduced Gaold, it was a splendid and gigantic arena.

Monoros' rule-of-thumb, which reduces the opponent's scale according to the ratio of a specific space, was powerful in that it could control the environment as desired.

'How can I escape?'

Gaold looked around the arena and figured out how to escape.

If the scale tuning has this degree of coercion, it will not be affected by external forces.

However, if Monoros wasn't an idiot, there's no way the physical force inside the arena was designed to affect the outside world.

'Time limit, or step. Otherwise, this kind of environment cannot be implemented.'

"The way to escape the battle arena is to step."

As everyone looked down at Gaold in the arena, Monoros said.

"It can be unlocked by defeating the three monsters that appear in the arena."

Tarban said.

"Even so, it's the same scale anyway, right?"

Monoros shook his head.

"There are two ways to enter the arena. One is to reduce the scale through stickers. And another... ... ."

Monoros rummaged through the bag he was wearing next to him.

A huge octopus clung to my hand and wriggled.

"A creature that can fit into the arena can be put in as it is."

"... ... Right."

As soon as Tarvan finished speaking, Monoros dropped the octopus.

Gaold saw a gigantic, light gray wriggling object falling through the blue sky.

'Foktopus-kun.'

A carnivorous mollusk that lives in the Mediterranean Sea and attacks even sharks larger than its body due to its savage nature and tremendous appetite.

As soon as he saw Gaold, Poktopus, who had already starved for two days, swung his legs with sharp stingers and attacked.

Gaold sharply inflated the atmosphere, severing his leg, and charged.

The relentless air press pressed down on the arena, but only Gaold felt that way.

Mocking and crumpled for a moment, the Poktopus swung the remaining leg as if it had not received any major shock.

"Cheuk, a prank that doesn't work... ... !'

As the scale weakened, the power of magic dropped exponentially.

However, Gaold is not concerned about the deterioration of his condition. Because he knows no limits.



Pain 1 million times - air pressing.



thud!

The octopus was crushed flat, and eventually it could not stand it and exploded.

Gaold wrinkled his face at the place where all kinds of internal organs were stirred.

It would have hurt his pride to use the power he had shown against Hel against an octopus, but he didn't even have time to think about it, the excruciating pain tortured his body.

Cage Team B, who was watching Gaold's battle, didn't say anything.

Monoros explained the next strategy.

"Now you know. Even the Gaold of the world can only deal with an octopus when the scale is reduced."

"So what are we going to do now?"

"In the second step, we solve this."

Monoros opened the bag on his back. Hundreds of crickets swarmed and mingled.

Vice-team leader Horkin nodded as if he understood.

"Are you saying that 'many' doesn't matter as long as it's in a form that can enter the arena?"

"Yes. Reduce power with scale, and confuse with humane tactics. The last... ... ."

"That's what I have to do."

Tarban stepped out.

A Terminator that uses the strongest power among the team members.

But Monoros shook his head.

"You need a sticker to enter. If it shrinks to the same scale, Kaiser Blast will inevitably weaken."

"I will."

Another regular eater, Porcol, came forward.

In the end, eating out of the rules was the only way to exert enough power to kill Gaold on the same scale.

Monoros agreed. If it was Porcol's eating out, even Gaold of the world would not be able to do anything about it.

"Then let's begin."

Hundreds of crickets were poured into the arena. Then Monoros put a sticker on Porcol, and as the scale shrunk, he also infiltrated the arena.



Eating Out - Phantasy Star.



His body started to glow brightly.

When several swarms of crickets collided, a powerful explosion occurred and shattered like shells.

Equivalent exchange of aging and explosion.

He can unleash 100 kilobusters of explosive power at the cost of one hour of aging.

Porcol looks like he is in his early 40s, but he is actually 32 years old.

As time goes on, his lifespan will decrease, but eating out was, in the end, a being who could only be happy within his own trauma.

"What is this again?"

Gaold mercilessly destroyed the waves of crickets.

Pleasant smells vibrated and ugly objects scattered, but his eyes were only looking straight ahead.

'Let's try to hide it with something like this... ... .'

Cage Team B knows what kind of person Mikea Gaold is, a former head of the Magic Association.

So the worm is a trick. The truth would have been hidden in numbers and monstrosities.



Eating Out - Life is short and bold.



Whoa oh oh!

Porcol accelerated all the aging his body could possibly use.

His face grew old rapidly, and at last it turned into a skin-and-bone, and finally a scrawny skeleton, flying towards Gaold.

With death at hand, his mind was twisted like a greedy old man who envied his youth he couldn't have, and was full of madness.

"Kihahahahaha! I'm killing Gaold!"

Gaold remained calm even in front of the skull of greed, which seemed to terrify him just by looking at it.

No, I was nervous about the twisted thoughts that the regular eaters risked their whole life to exert.

Pain 1 million times.

The moment Gaold gritted his teeth and cast a spell, Porcol struck Gaold.

"Damn it!"

The arena exploded at the same time as Cage Team B was scattered in all directions, creating a mushroom cloud.

It was a power beyond imagination to see it as a drastically reduced scale.

"You crazy bastard, how long were you trying to live?"

"People who eat out are usually crazy. by the way... ... ."

Tarvan relaxed his shoulders and approached again.

After completing the steps, Gaold returned to reality and stood in the smoke.

Anyone who knew Gaold would not believe the sight of this moment.

The top had been completely blown off, revealing a muscular and scarred body, with a dislocated right shoulder drooping.

His hair was white and blood was running all over his body.

Tarvan wanted to applaud with all his heart.

How many humans in this world can endure the equivalent exchange with life cast by a hypocrite?

"Awesome. Honestly, I admire you."

"now... ... ."

Gaold struggled to open his mouth.

"Seven people."

It was the death toll of Cage Team B.

"No, six people."

As Tarvan spoke, there was a loud bang. Monoros, the regular eater, collapsed on the floor with his throat cut.

Even if everyone evaded the explosion, the magician of Eating out could not move as far.

However, even after the explosion, he would not have known that his mind would not be shaken and he would launch a counterattack.

'A monster is a monster.'

"No need to shake."

Rose came to Gaold.

"I'm already mortally wounded. Even though the number has decreased, the victory is still with us."

Rose's eyes were as firm as Gaold's.

kill gaold That is the duty of a wizard belonging to the Association.

"Stop giving up. If you accept the aura obediently, I will guarantee your life."

"Hehe, that sounds like a tempting proposal."

Gaold knew it was a lie.

Rose is a woman who would do any kind of perjury for the sake of her mission.

But that means, in the end, Team Cage B is still not confident of success.

Nothing will change. You just have to fight your own battle.

"What else is left? Didn't you do something like Final Plan earlier?"

Rose was also puzzled.

They still have utility, amplification, curse, and defense mages, but the damage to the dealer is significant.

'From now on, even if only one dealer dies, the chances are slim. Even if I have to give up leadership, I must die.'

So maybe one chance to make another tactical attempt.

Rose bought time to come up with a solid plan.

"The human mind is so cunning that when you are obsessed with something, you can't see anything else."

Gaold also needed time, so he responded silently to Rose's conversation.

"However, it is an instant to return that much. How about letting go now? Your feelings are nothing more than the childish unrequited love of a child who desires what he cannot have. I have to shake it off and move on again."

"Maybe it is."

Gaold opened his mouth slowly.

"But why should I shake it off?"

"that is... ... ."

"rose."

Gaold stopped talking.

"You must have really loved someone."

Rose thought for a moment and said.

"That's right."

"Tell me then. You, who are no longer childish because of your age. Have you ever spent your whole life feeling something more beautiful than that feeling?"

Rose couldn't answer.

"There is nothing childish about being sincere. There are only those who can handle the pain and those who can't handle it and run away. And I... ... ."

Cuckoo coo coo!

The air vibrated and the forest roared and the air became heavy like steel bars.

Gaold, who had changed into the face of a demon, glared at the world.

"Never run away from my pain."

=======================================
[456] The Beginning of Change (8)





After confessing to and being kicked by Miro, Gaold became the subject of ridicule by the students.

He wasn't particularly funny, but whenever the students saw Gaold, they burst into laughter and jokingly offered words of comfort.

Gaold paid no heed to their gaze.

Just as he fully embraced the god Yor when he accepted it, he did not distort or rationalize his mind.

However, what troubled him was the fact that the woman he had a crush on was getting along with the person he hated the most.

"what? Are they hanging out today?"

"Yeah. At the beginning of my senior year, I couldn't eat it, so I was impatient. Aren't you dating according to rumors?"

"Then what about Gaold? It's really pitiful."

Listening to the whispers of the students, Gaold watched Miro and Sain strolling side by side through the park.

Rumors were spreading that the two were dating in their senior year.

To be honest, I don't know why I hang out with Sein.

'No, it must have been the same for someone else anyway.'

Gaold turned away with a gloomy expression.

"Sheesh."

Sein and Miro, I didn't want to run into anyone.



"The Supernatural Psychic Research Society?"

One day, when the distance between them grew farther away, Miro and Sain made a proposal.

Gaold did not know the reason for opening the study group in the middle of a busy senior year schedule.

What's more, the Supernatural Psychic Research Society?

It was a study group that did not fit Sein in the slightest, unless it was Gaold who lived by the power of faith.

'Hey, don't you have any backbone? Giving up your beliefs because of a woman?'

Gaold was bothered by everything.

"I'm not going in. Find someone else."

Miro opened his eyes wide in surprise.

"Why? I thought you'd like it It's also the reason you go to magic school."

"do not know. I don't want to talk to you."

Just as Gaold was about to turn away from his eyes, Miro asked directly.

"Could you, do you still have lingering feelings for me?"

Gaold couldn't say anything, just pouted his lips.

Miro, who had been watching the scene, said calmly.

"Okay then. I hate it, but I can't help it."

Then Gaold's heart beat fast.

I thought it wouldn't be, but when she withdrew her decision, I thought it shouldn't be like this.

"great. I'll go in, study group."

It was a great courage for Gaold, but Miro smiled brightly as if he knew it.

"It will happen right away. Now, I can finally get my dues!"

"Did you ask me to come in because of that?"

"yes? no. In fact, it's a shame. lol."

Miro stuck out his tongue and turned to fill out the application form.

'If I'm going to do this, I'll just do it from the beginning.'

Gaold was flooded with useless regrets.



Gaold's work as a member of the study group was simple and ignorant work.

'Damn, why am I... ... .'

The magic warehouse was to go around all the warehouses in Istas and record the coordinates.

Based on those coordinates, Sein calculated something and consulted with Miro.

Even when gathered in the study group, the feeling of alienation always belonged to Gaold.

Around a month passed like that, bad rumors spread around the school.

It was that Miro disregarded the senior year's rules and went out of school every night to go somewhere.

Some students said that they saw even first-class nobles riding in a carriage decorated with jewels that were difficult to purchase.

The conclusion the students came to was that Miro had a helper.

He could have predicted what Miro would give in return, even without speaking.

Gaold, of course, didn't believe that.

Miro is a genius. and freewheeling

If you were hanging out with wealthy old people for fun, you would hang out, not someone who wanted help.

However, the rumors grew like a snowball, and when Miro turned into a woman selling herself, Gaold could not stand it and went to Sein.

"Hey, you son of a bitch! What happened?"

Sain, who was writing mathematical formulas on the blackboard of the study group, was not shaken by Gaold's excited appearance.

"what?"

"The maze!"

Gaold shouted.

"Shouldn't we step in and evolve the rumors? If you listen to it, it's no different than a whore!"

"How is that?"

"What, what?"

Gaold looked at Sein in bewilderment.

Even at that moment, Gaold did not know how much mental conflict Miro was in.

"You man! is that what you're talking about now? Can you still say that you love Miro?"

Only then did Sein put down the chalk.

"Aren't you the one who doesn't believe in the maze? No, in my heart I'd rather have Miro like that. Then you might have a chance."

Gaold clenched his fists and trembled.

"Are you really dating Miro?"

"... ... Why do I have to tell you that?"

"You bastard!"

Gaold grabbed Sein by the collar and raised his fist.

Said, sticking out one chin, as if asking Sein to hit it.

"It's so low-key. Are you blinded by jealousy and abandoning your beliefs?"

A Yor religion that opposes violence and follows love. Gaold, who believed in Yor all his life, could not bear to swing his fist.

"it's okay. I would not have any business with a human like you."

Gaold coldly untied his collar and left the study group.

A few days later, Gaold made a big decision.

They decided to follow Miro as he left the school gates around midnight.

"Damn it. Was it real too? what? what about jealousy A cold-blooded bastard."

A huge wagon was standing where the maze was headed.

There weren't many people coming and going at this time, but it was a dignified figure nonetheless.

"Hey, you're a person who has nothing to fear, right?"

Gaold sarcastically pursued the back of the wagon.

Casting magic outside of school is prohibited, but considering the situation in the maze that will soon be revealed, it was not the time to discuss this and that.

But my heart wasn't good.

Maybe the rumors are true, maybe not.

What if it's true?

Also, if he wasn't, he would just be a naive guy who pryed out behind other people's girlfriends.

'Oh, I don't know!'

Deciding on what to do later, Gaold pursued the wagon.

The carriage stopped in a plain area quite far from the school.

Thanks to the bright moon, I could see my son-in-law clearly.

A carriage more luxurious than the one Miro rode in was standing, and an old man who seemed to be close to 100 years old got off there.

'Damn it! Aren't you a kid and a grandfather?'

Disappointment with the maze doubled, but it was too early to make a hasty decision.

"Today is the last day we promised. So, have you made a decision?"

The old man's name is Gustav Havitz, 16 years old.

He was the emperor of the Gustav Empire, one of the Three Emperors of the Temple.

"... ... ."

Miro didn't answer.

Sooner or later, a committee for 20 judges will be convened. It is only natural that Harvitz will become one of the 20 people.

Also, the power of the Three Emperors will act as a powerful influence within the committee.

"How beautiful it is. The noblest child in the world... ... ."

We can carry the lives of mankind on our shoulders and not be trapped in eternal loneliness.

However, under the condition that it becomes a lovely doll of Gustav Havitz.

Still, it was a matter for Miro to think about.

Wouldn't someone's doll be better than the burden of carrying the lives of all mankind?

"From today you are mine. maze... ... ."

Havitz stuck out his long snake-like tongue and approached the nape of Miro's neck.

After living as the emperor of an empire for the rest of his life, he has no more desires left, but Miro is different.

She is the noblest being in the world, and the only hope beyond all of humanity.

Having her would be the best final game for a man who ruled the world for the rest of his life.

"You can live. I can continue to be happy in the future. I will give you everything... ... ."

Miro was just looking into the distance even as muddy breathing sounded like the breath of a venomous snake approaching.

"You bastard!"

Just as Harvits' lips climbed up the nape of her neck and were about to bite her earlobe, his face turned with a dull sound.

Havits, who collapsed on the floor with a loud noise, looked up in disbelief.

A young man with an innocent impression was looking down at himself with a spirited spirit.

Hitting the face of one of the Three Emperors.

No, more than that, where are the escort troops and what are they doing?

"Yeah man! How dare you know who I am and do something like this!"

"Who is who? Perverted inspiration! And Miro, I was really disappointed. No matter how much money and power you like, how can you be with a guy like this... ... ."

Miro looked back at Gaold and blinked.

"What are you doing here?"

"What are you doing! Of course you... ... !"

Gaold couldn't bear to be honest.

"It bothers me because strange rumors are spreading!"

Havits jumped up and shouted.

"Such an insignificant human being! What are you doing! Come on, cut his throat! No, catch them alive! I will torture you for three years and then kill you!"

Harvitz's voice echoed through the stillness and then permeated.

Only then did the emperor, who felt strange, panic.

Miro's eyes were cold.

"I will tell you for sure."

"Ughhhh... ... ."

Havitz's face turned pale at the sight of the suddenly gigantic maze.

It was the first time in my life that I felt such fear.

"I decline your offer. I am ready to sacrifice anything for the future of mankind."

Gaold asked.

"The future of mankind? what future?"

Miro ignored Gaold and turned around.

"And... ... You'd better keep quiet about your work today. There are things that even the emperor of the empire cannot handle."

Only then did Harvits realize why the escorts hadn't been dispatched.

The moment she arrived, she was already trapped in a maze.

"Let's go, Gaold."

"yes? uh, yes."

Gaold, who finally sensed that the atmosphere was unusual , followed the maze.

The conversation was cut off for a moment, and Miro looked back at Gaold only after stepping out of the space-time force field.

The cold eyes from a while ago had disappeared, and she held her stomach and giggled.

"You are so amazing. Do you know who you just hit?"

"Sheesh. What do you know? who?"

"Emperor of the Gustav Empire, Harbitz."

"What! The Gustav Empire!"

Gaold, who tried to protect his pride until the end, ended up opening his eyes wide.

to beat the emperor

This was an issue that would not only destroy the family, but also deal a direct blow to the safety of the kingdom.

But Miro shook his head as if there was nothing to worry about.

"It's fine. You won't be able to tell anyone."

"What the hell is going on? the future of mankind? What the hell are you doing running around?"

Miro put on a gentle smile as if he was a bit troubled.

Gaold had hoped not to find out, but now he had no choice.

"Can I ask you something before you tell me?"

"yes?"

"If you had known that the person you hit was the emperor, would you have done the same?"

Gaold delayed his words. Not out of conflict, but to really think about it.

"of course. Such an ugly person is cheap even if he gets hit."

Miro did not doubt Gaold's words. He was more than enough of the guy we saw in the hyperthermia of the survival test.

"But you used violence. Doesn't that go against the religious beliefs?"

Gaold only then realized and looked into his hand.

I hit someone for the first time in my life.

No, before that, if he was truly an emperor, how could he have come to this place without getting caught?

"Did you know I was tailing you?"

Miro turned away without talking about it.

"Let's go back to school. I have something to tell you."

Even then, Gaold did not know.

The fact that the story I heard that day will completely change my life for the next 20 years.

=======================================
[457] The Beginning of Change (9)





At the gathering of the study group, Miro confided everything he had told Sein to Gaold.

After passing the air scare in last year's survival test, an organization called the Holy War moved.

They confided the secrets of the world to Miro, and even revealed the existence of Ankera.

Miro said that he had been to heaven. And that was the trigger that made Miro imprison him in loneliness more fearful than his death.

"why... ... ."

Gaold jumped up and shouted.

"Why did you accept such an offer!"

"If I don't, everyone will die. I will become someone's successor and protect this world. It is an honor."

"No, that's crazy! What are you left with doing that?"

"Whoa, a member of the Church of Yor shouldn't say such a thing. It's nice, being able to give my love to everyone in the world."

"But what about my love?"

"Gaold, love is not something you can do alone. I do not love you."

"I can do it alone. Isn't that what you pretended to be dating Sein anyway to deceive me?"

Miro sighed.

Her emotions, which would normally be embarrassing, were nothing compared to the situation she was in.

"Sigh. How did we come to be like this?"

Gaold pointed.

"It's all because of you!"

"Ho-ho-ho! what am i I was quiet. Anyway, this guy's popularity... ... ."

Even in a situation where his life was about to end, Gaold's teeth trembled at the sight of the maze starting with a joke.

Doesn't the heart of the person who has to send her to a place where he will never see her again?

"it's okay! do it yourself! I will forget about it from now on."

Gaold went out to the study meeting coldly, but his heart was hotter than before.

Maze's Tomb.

The design of Istas, created by Sein and Miro, was no different from weaving a coffin for himself while waiting for the day he would die.

'There must be a way. I can save the maze.'

There is no way.

It was only when he started to think of a realistic method that Gaold could feel how big the incident was.

Gaold prayed all night.

'God, why is she? Why should someone I love have to suffer like that?'

I heard from Sain that a committee of 20 was convened to decide the maze's choice.

Gaold recalled the names of the committees.

Mirhi Alpheas, Miro's teacher, Olivia, Tormia Kingdom Teachers' Association, and Tormia King Adolf and Queen.

The fact that 4 out of 20 people from their country were included would be an excuse for a secret history that would later be revealed on the surface, but Gaold was not satisfied.

The three emperors and first-class envoys were included in the gathering of the world's top authorities in various fields such as nation, religion, society, humanities, history, philosophy, and art.

'Gustav Havitz. He will never forgive Maze.'

In that case, Gaold had only one person to lean on.

The people invited as religious figures included the Pope of Lamie, the world's largest denomination, and Jorah and Amium, who are called the living saints of the Yore religion.

'Yes, if he is... ... .'

Although her influence is weaker than that of Lamie, Amium's personality is recognized by the world.

If he gave his breath to the committee, he would be able to keep Havits in check.

In this way, the 20 judges were carefully preparing to avoid the eyes of the world.

Near Istas of Alpheas Magic School, the scale wizard's space-time dimension opened, and those with the world's greatest authority gathered there.

After spending several nights, Gaold found Amium, the symbol of Yor, walking buried among the escort knights.

"Amium! Mr. Amium!"

At the same time as the garold jumped out, the blades of the escort knights flew towards his neck.

"Stop."

Gaold stood motionless, his throat caught in the crossed blades.

Amium had the knights gather their swords.

It was impossible for him, who was called the Living Castle, to kill anyone, so the knights obediently followed his instructions.

"Who are you? How did you get here?"

"My name is Gaold, a member of the Yore religion."

Amium silently watched Gaold kneeling.

"Please help Maze! I have lived my whole life as a servant of God without shame! I can give you my soul! So please Miroman... ... !"

"Did you say Gaold?"

"please... ... God bless this little servant! God's mercy to Miro... ... !"

"God will forgive us too."

Gaold's eyes widened.

It was a shock that the castle he had built with all his life collapsed.

Amium was thinking of sending the maze.

"Lord Yora... ... ."

"let's go."

Amium stopped talking and followed the escort away.

"Security is lax."

Those were the last words Gaold heard from Jorah.



"16 votes for, 1 against, 3 abstentions. Through 20 judges, we approve the labyrinth wall project."

No one clapped.

Those who felt remorse and those who didn't, each had a different feeling, but everyone knew that it was an act that would never be forgiven.

"It happened."

Even after hearing Sein's words, Gaold was staring blankly at the wall.

"Stop forgetting. Miro made the best choice. Her sacrifice gave us all a new life."

"A new life?"

Gaold's head turned slowly.

"No, we have all lost the light. Thanks to one person who shouldered everything and disappeared, we have acquired an indelible original sin. We will forever depend on the second and third labyrinths."

"What's wrong with that?"

Sein looked back at the coordinates of the space where the maze would leave.

"What's wrong with living with original sin? If that's the case, you can live like that again. That is human."

"I'm going to the labyrinth."

Gaold rose from his seat.

"do not do that. She is the one who suffers more than anyone right now. We can't do anything."

"Dear Miro... ... ."

Gaold gritted his teeth and said.

"I will go."



The night before Miro passed away, Gaold called Miro to the park.

Contrary to expectations, she readily came to the table, smiling brightly as if she had already prepared her mind.

"Hey, I'm really glad. I thought I was dying of boredom because no one came to visit me. That bastard, Sein, is really indifferent."

Gaold looked at him in awe, and Maze laughed and patted him on the shoulder.

"Why so serious? That's a good thing. I will go beyond history and become a myth. What could be more glorious than being a wizard? It's boring to live like this anyway."

Originally, he had a talkative personality, but now there are more than usual.

Is it because it's the last time you talk to someone?

When his thoughts reached that point, Gaold hugged Miro.

"Let's run away."

The maze was still calm.

"Let's run anywhere! Let's go with me right now! I will protect you no matter what!"

"How are you going to protect it?"

Gaold grabbed Miro by the shoulder and pushed him away. And she looked me straight in the eyes and said.

"Even at the cost of my life, at any cost... ... ."

"Gaold, this is not like you."

"I know! But now it doesn't matter! why are you How many people are there in the world! If it were me... ... ."

"Because you are weak."

Gaold looked at the maze with sad eyes.

"So I have to do it. Gaold, please understand."

"no. now i can only see you I can't do anything without you!"

Gaold grabbed Miro's hand and hung on.

"Let's just run away! Even for a day, no, even for a few hours with you... ... ."

Miro shook his hand violently.

"Why are you doing this to me! With nothing to do!"

Tears welled up in Miro's eyes as she raised her voice.

"then... ... save me... ... ."

The moment he saw her eyes mixed with a little resentment, Gaold trembled as if he had been electrocuted.

As my head went blank, only flashes of emotions that could not be described in words were flowing in series.

Miro suddenly changed his expression as if he came to his senses and turned away coldly.

"Forget it. It's because your selfish thoughts are so pathetic."

Even after Miro left the place until dawn, Gaold stood there as if nailed to it.



On the morning of Miro's departure, Gaold looked up at the altar in Yor Church and put the pendant around his neck.

'Oh God.'

It was the first prayer in Gaold's life.

'The servant who has obeyed you all his life is greedy for the first time. It doesn't matter if you go to hell. It's okay to cry out in pain forever. So, please give me the maze.'

Gaold took the first step towards the maze.



A committee of 20, historians, and high-ranking officials from related departments were waiting in front of the Istas Magic Warehouse.

There was no need for words for a decision that had already been made, and Miro slowly walked towards the grave she had made.

Since she had already mastered the true meaning of scale magic, there was no problem opening the dimension space-time.

Sae-in silently watched her pass by, then opened her mouth.

"Goodbye, Miro."

Miro's steps stopped.

Thank you.

Sein wanted to speak.

My feelings for you were sincere.

But he finally shut up.

In that way, Se-in let go of the woman he loved most coldly in the world.

Just when everything seemed to end easily, someone shouted.

"It's a maze!"

Sein's face turned pale as he turned his head.

Garold, dressed in the uniform of the Church of Yor, was running towards him.

"Crazy man, determined to die... ... ."

Before Sein stopped, the highest ranking knights drew their swords.

"Take care of it."

"Can not be done."

The imperial bureaucrat who enforced this case stopped it.

"It is an ultra-sensitive issue that can change the direction of humanity. No deaths should be recorded in history."

"What if?"

As the official winked at him, magicians and lawyers unleashed anti-magic and the law that restrained their actions.

'Goes! I can go!'

The closer he got to the maze, the faster Gaold's heart beat.

Tick. Tick.

At that moment, the powerful anti-magic destroyed his mind, and the law of the lawyers pressed him to the ground.

"Keugh! Maze!"

I called for the maze with only my head raised, but she didn't look back.

No, I shouldn't have looked back.

"Quaaaaaa!"

I tried to stand up with all my strength, but the magicians and lawyers belonging to the executive committee were the best in the world.

"Big! Big!"

Gaold's face contorted as the binding force grew stronger.

Tick.

"Put it down. It doesn't matter as long as you don't die."

As the force of the law intensified, Gaold let out a scream of spine-shattering pressure.

"Quaaaaaagh!"

puck! puck!

Gaold's eyes burst, bloody tears flowed, and blood leaked from between his teeth. The nerves in her face jumped wildly, making her skin ripple.



Pain twice.



"what?"

It was only then that the wizards and lawyers felt strange.

It was not a strength that normal humans could endure.

Gaold looked at the maze with bloody eyes.

She was only 20 meters away.

Second... ... .

But 20 meters seems to be forever unreachable.

... ... mow.

Those damn 20 meters!

"Aaaaaaaaa!"

Wood deok! Wood deok!

Gaold continued to step forward, feeling the pain of twisting bones throughout his body.



pain 4 times.



The more he did, the more the maze got further away.

And at that point, Gaold's clock stops forever.

=======================================
[458] The Beginning of Change (10)





"It's a maze."

Gaold took another difficult step. He didn't even know how that was possible.

However, all the senses became transcendentally clearer, and the pain intensified.

The pain of the body was the pain of the mind, and the spirit was permeating into the heart again and knocking on the door of hell.

The human heart is hell.

"It's a maze!"

As the restraining force became stronger, the threshold of pain perception continued to rise.

Gaold couldn't feel any change in his body, even in terrible pain.

It hurts so much.

There are no limits because the mind has no substance.

"Aaaaaaa!"



Pain 100 times.



Gaold's face was so distorted that it was no longer human.

Even the wizards and lawyers, who were proud to be the best in the world, felt a grotesque beyond human nature from Gaold, who was unrestrained and moved.

"Oh, how could this happen... ... ."

Sein shouted.

"Gaold! stop! Then die!"

Gaold did not give up.

His sharpened nerves were only directed at the maze that was moving away.



- Even if you can't do anything!



'Oh God.'



Pain 400 times.



puck! A pulsating nerve burst through the skin.

It felt like pain itself, made up of only nerves.

thud! thud!

Every time I took a step, my bones hurt as if they were breaking, and a shock hit my brain.

Being alive couldn't be so damning.

What would it be like if you amplified the feeling of extreme disgust hundreds of times?

"Stop! Keep them away!"

The committee's eyes shook in shock.

Even with anti-magic, his spirit did not collapse, and he continued to reject the law.

"How can such a person... ... ."

"Huhhhh!"

As the threshold of pain sensation increased exponentially, Gaold gritted his teeth.

His eyes burned aimlessly, and the gates of hell began to open little by little with resentment over pain and hatred for the world.

"Press to maximum!"

At the direction of the committee, the magicians and lawyers poured all their abilities.

An unprecedented binding force in history, in which even they could not predict the outcome, was applied to Gaold.

"Great!"

At the same time, Gaold's mind shattered as if glass had been shattered.

His pupils were already rolled all the way up, and blood flowed nonstop from between his clenched teeth.

'Oh God.'

Wooddeuk. Wooddeuk.

Every time Gaold moved, the bones all over his body cracked.

'I... ... Didn't you say you love the maze?'



Pain 10,000 times.



'But dare... ... like you... ... .'

"Uh-oh... ... ."

The faces of everyone watching turned pale.

All of Gaold's hair stood on end and began to bleach white from the scalp.

"What are you like... ... ."

Pain is extremely personal.

In the pain that transcended the limits of a creature, Gaold only repeated himself.

It is an extreme reality with no gods, ideals, or aspirations.

That was all.

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

The gates of hell opened in my heart, and the demons that ate Gaold's pain came out.

The Shimma descended into the present world through a sense of pain that transcended living things, and as the surrounding scenery changed, everything started to burn.

It was the beginning of Gaold's self-denying heat hell.

Whoops!

As the anti-magic of the wizards who were crushed by self-denial was lifted and the law was destroyed, the lawyers fell.

"Huhhhhhhh!"

Gaold's thoughts flew by, and he opened his mouth and vomited bloody saliva.

All I feel is pain.

Even breathing, even the beating of my heart, just being alive was painful.

Still, he didn't stop.

only towards the maze.

I stepped out to close the damn 20 meter gap that I could never reach.

The maze stopped moving. She looks like she's thinking about something, regretting it.

However, without looking back, he moved toward Estas again.

'Miro! maze! maze! It's a maze!'

Gaold's memory was blown away by the shock, and only the concept of the maze remained in Gaold's head, and that blind emotion was the only painkiller mixed in with his pain.

"Activate the military camp!"

When the highest decision maker of the committee issued an order, the fixed margin, which had been created just in case, was put into operation.

Gaold's feet drew a barricade and began to grab hold of the great evil and pull it down to the ground.

"Kuaaaaa!"

No human being or any creature could even imagine the shock he received from ten thousand times the pain.

But Gaold doesn't die. His time had already stopped.

From the wide open gates of hell, a huge incarnation of hatred rose in a burning body.

Gaold exclaimed.

"Kuhhhhhhh!"

It spread out towards the world like a monster.

Gods, humanity, and the world disappeared, and as hatred for all humans except the suffering self spread, the world began to be encroached into the scenery of hell.

"Kuhhhhhhhhh!"

It's such an extreme feeling that it feels rather innocent.

'Damn it!'

Sain gritted his teeth and endured the tears trying to fill up.

In front of Gaold's limit, even the Servant's heart was shaken.

Like the eruption of gas from lava that has been filled up for tens of thousands of years, I had no choice but to admit one thought through my steel reason.

'Yes, Gaold! It's not over yet!'

Gaold's disjointed arms were caught in the center of the bar, and even his legs were strangely twisted, but his face was still heading towards the maze.

If this continues, the body will be destroyed.

Before that happened, Sein threw himself away.

In the end, he couldn't hold it back and burst into tears. He grabbed Gaold's face and said,

"Live, Gaold! not now!"

"Quaaaaa! Maze, maze... ... ."

"It's not over yet. I'll do anything! I'll take you to the maze no matter what! So please live now!"

"does not it hurt... ... . like pain... ... I... ... ."

"Accept my magic. Just a little more, just a little more patience!"

Sein injected sleep magic into Gaold's head.

He knows that his current stamina won't even bite his teeth, but Gaold has to believe his word.

If it's Gaold, maybe if it's the purest and stupidest guy in the world... ... .

Sein cast his magic with all his might.

"Gaold, hold on. you'll be patient Nobody but you can save the maze."

"Great."

Gaold looked at the maze, shivering.

only twenty steps.

The resentment of not being able to narrow it down and having to endure it was not even painful compared to getting the maze back again.

'Miro, I will definitely go. I... ... .'

Gaold shouted in anger.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

At the same time, the world's magic finally began to penetrate.

The light shimmering like an aurora narrowed from the outskirts of hell linked to his mind, and the scenery of hell gradually disappeared.

As the effectiveness of the seal that imprisoned evil diminished, both arms stretched behind Gaold's back fell powerlessly to the ground.

thud! Gaold passed out and hit his head on the ground.

The 20 Judges, their escorts, and the Executive Committee were all in awe.

Even the best escort knights in the world breathed a sigh of relief when they realized that they were covered in cold sweat only after the great heat hell disappeared.

Gustav Havitz of the Three Emperors said.

"A dangerous seed. You better get rid of it now."

He tried to take over the maze and was beaten by Gaold, but that resentment did not linger in his mind.

It's absurd, but a strange idea came to mind that maybe he could erase the labyrinth's space-time.

"Let's watch a little longer."

A woman's voice was heard when Havitz's subordinates were about to move.

Uorin's biological mother was Theraze Mystra, Empress of Kashan.

Even Habits, the Empress of Kashan cannot be treated carelessly.

Especially with Mitochondrial Eve, her decision wouldn't be solely for personal reasons.

Mystra watched as Sein disappeared carrying Gaold on his back.

'Gaoldra... ... .'

Maybe in the distant future, I thought that his existence could bring a huge variable.



Gaold was urgently evacuated and treated.

I couldn't wake up for almost a month, and even after waking up, the only thing waiting for me was the excruciating pain that came through my sensitive nerves.

"Are you okay?"

Gaold was lying on the bed, his fists clenched and shaking.

Chimi was so accepting of the pain that no words would come through.

"Rest."

Sein turned around.

I don't know when it will be, but for the project to go ahead, Gaold needs to be able to do normal activities.

"I had a dream."

Gaold's words stopped Sein's steps.

"I had a dream about going to the maze."

A story that may actually happen in the distant future.

Sein accepted it as fate and asked.

"yes? How is it? Do you think you will fly away because you are happy?"

Gaold didn't say anything about it.

"I will definitely go. Keep your promise."

"Not for you. It is for the maze."

That was Sein's last visit.

Gaold was able to get up after another month.

The pain was still torturing all my nerves, but I couldn't just lie down forever.

Graduation exams are approaching. In order to do anything, you would have to become a wizard first.

Gaold put on his uniform and went to the Church of Yor.

While silently observing the circular symbol, Yora approached from behind.

"Gaold, long time no see. are you okay?"

"... ... ."

Yora sadly watched Gaold's back, who didn't answer.

I don't know the details, but the story of the believer who abandoned the divinity flowed like a rumor.

It was self-evident that the follower was Gaold.

"Gaold, you must not blame God. Everything he does has a purpose."

Gaold then looked back at Yora and smiled politely.

"No, Jorah. I never blame God."

As Gaold passed Jorah and headed for the exit, there was a sudden sound of something snapping.

Gaold's face began to contort like a demon as he gripped the pendant around his neck and tore at his chest.

'From the beginning... ... .'

His fingernails gnawed at his flesh and drew out blood.

His face crumpled at the excruciating pain, but on the contrary, the corners of his mouth were torn all the way down to his ears.

'Because God didn't even exist.'



* * *



Even after Sein's story was over, Shirone and the others were silently staring at the burning torch.

It felt like the flames burning in front of my eyes were like Gaold's heart.

"So Gaold abandoned God and wandered the world. It was to become stronger. Adaptation is impossible because there is no limit. It was crazy to train in such excruciating pain."

Shirone was terrifying just by imagining it.

Even if the pain sensation increased tenfold, he would hate even walking, let alone magic training.

"But humans are really strange. He did it."

"Are you overcoming the pain?"

Sein shook his head.

"no. It's about accepting the pain itself. The pain I felt in my body was nothing compared to 'I couldn't save the labyrinth'. Whether it's a thousand times the pain or ten thousand times the pain, to Gaold, it's just pain that runs through his nerves. But the maze is different. It is a kind of phenomenon and event. When you dream of the impossible, it seems that the gates of hell in the human heart open."

Shirone chewed on Sein's words.

Impossible is a word made by humans, but humans also desire it.

The human heart is hell. Shirone could finally understand what Zulu was saying.

pop.

A faint explosion echoed across the night sky.

=======================================
[459] Call of Ra (1)





"Pooh!"

The rider of the iron wall blew out.

Moments later, his electrical barriers shattered like glass windows shattered.

Blood leaked out in an oblique line from his shoulder to his waist, and his upper body fell as if sliding.

'Defense magic is over.'

Gaold pulled a muscle and put the missing shoulder in place.

It was an excruciating pain for those with a keen sense of pain, but his eyes were only scanning the surroundings.

The afterimages of Cage Team B raged like a storm, but it was clearly an intentional move.

'What are you aiming for?'

So far, the dealer's strong power has not appeared.

Of course, they must know that a mediocre attack is ineffective.

'Am I betting on the Terminator?'

Probably almost exactly.

'I don't put more than two regular eaters in the cage level. That means... ... .'

meaning this is the last time.

Cage Team B is aiming for one attack that can be perfectly caught, and if it is blocked, the victory will come.

Gaold's thoughts reached that point, and the corner of his mouth went up.

"I'm talking nonsense and I'm sleepy."

Gaold's hand aimed at Roche, the metal mage.

Puff puff puff puff!

When the air gun exploded, Roche, unable to even think of a counterattack, created a metal barrier in front.

Kaka Kaka Kaka Kakang!

Bullet marks of air appeared on the surface of the steel with a deafening roar.

"Big!"

Roche gnawed his teeth at the vibration coming from his omnipotence.

The thickness of the barrier continued to grow, but the air bullets quickly gnawed at the iron plate like an angry beast.

Dozens of holes were pierced through Roche's body as the clay-like metal barrier was finally destroyed.

It took only one second for the air gun to penetrate the 20 cm thick barrier.

But that one second gave Rose time to approach Gaold.

'This is it.'

Fragrance Magic Placer.

It is a magic belonging to the highest level of fragrance magic that affects the mind, and it has the effect of stimulating the human brain to evoke the most intense nostalgia in life.

Gaold's face contorted cruelly.

The emotional aftermath of his already vulnerable self-indulgence grew and plagued him.

"Big!"

The gates of hell opened in his heart, and his ruthless self-denial unfolded, turning his son-in-law into hell.

It was like making an already violent beast even more rampant, but Rose had a different ulterior motive.

Gaold could not be subdued by force anyway. If so, it makes them more excited and creates a cognitive blind spot.

That square was the only gap to subdue Gaold.

"Roche eh eh!"

But Rose overlooked one fact.

It could be considered luck for Gaold because he didn't know it, but the fact that the dead person was Roche was a perfect vital point.

Tarvan's anger, who had been friends with Roche since childhood, reached its peak, and that emotion clashed with Gaold's anger, creating a new gap.

"Ouch!"

Rose's head was severed by the blade of the wind, and Gaold's upside-down egg caught up with Tarvan's path.

'It's over.'

Horkin bounced off Gaold in a move separate from the maneuver.

Tarvan, and all the wizards in this place, are young and talented children.

'For the sake of the kingdom's future, let's finish with this.'

Horkin activated detonation magic regardless of the target's reaction.

A powerful explosion swept the area as Suicide, which exploded itself and created a temporary magic assimilation effect, was cast.

The scale was not reduced like the battle arena, so the radius was enormous.

Cage Team B, who hurriedly left their seats, looked at the place where the deflagration was floating, devastated.

Horkin's message was clearly communicated by taking his own life.

As the eldest member of Cage Team B, he became the father of countless wizards.

"Inspiring tank... ... ."

Tarban gritted his teeth.

It was a mission he was originally supposed to carry out.

But he was the best tactician to the end.

Suicide's power was not inferior to Tarban's Kaiser Blast in the slightest.

"Did he die?"

Saint Moriac's voice was low.

The smoke disappeared and a black figure was revealed as a silhouette.

Gaold, with blood flowing from his forehead, stood there with a disgusted expression.

"I lived."

With this, the mission ended in failure.

Rose, who will use the strategy, is dead, and the dealer Roche and Horkin are lost.

"There is only one thing left."

Wagan of communication magic said.

"Am I going to go all the way or go back like this?"

I have no thoughts of going back.

However, Horkin's will that those who live should live was only bothering him.

"I will go till the end."

At Tarvan's words, insect mage Beam stepped forward.

"I have to report to the superiors. I can't go all the way."

"Choose anyone. I will stay."

Wagon raised his hand.

"I will go. I won't be of much help in battle."

No one would survive against Gaold anyway, but no one criticized Wagan.

A wizard with enough pride to join Cage's Team B. The rest of the group were only grateful that he had chosen to live with shame for the rest of his life.

"Then shall we go?"

As the rest of them turned around, Gaold flew in at high speed.

He also realized that further battles were meaningless.

"It was a great team. I mean for you."

Tarvan's eyes flashed with life.

"You don't really think it's over, do you?"

If it's enough to stop Suicide, even Kaiser Blast won't work.

But you have to try. Because that's the Terminator.

"Stop it."

Gaold relaxed and straightened his back.

"The game is over. You gave me as much as I wanted, didn't you?"

"play? Play?"

The energy of vibration gathered in Tarvan's hands.

Gaold continued as if he was not interested.

"And... ... You can't go back anyway."

While all of Cage Team B looked puzzled, Communication Wizard Wagan asked.

"You can't go back? Why?"

"You guys were thinking of going back to the Metagate you received from the Association, right?"

No one answered, but there was no such thing as a secret in front of Gaold, the former head of the Magic Association.

"Perhaps the time-space of the labyrinth has disappeared. So the coordinates of the metagate must have been disturbed as well."

Wagon's brow narrowed.

The reason why Heaven's army cannot threaten mankind is because a new dimension called the space-time of the labyrinth intervenes between the two dimensions and disrupts information.

Therefore, except for Maze, the master of space-time, no being in heaven can solve the code locked in the space-time of the labyrinth.

However, since metagate has a fixed coordinate value, it remembers the coordinates of the state in which the space-time of the maze exists.

However, if the space-time of the maze disappeared as Gaold said, there was a high probability that the currently recorded coordinates would have become empty coordinates.

"What is the probability that the space-time of the labyrinth has disappeared?"

Saint Moriac asked.

Of course, since Cage Team B has no way to kill him, Gaold can't lie.

However, the metagate only takes 1 minute to activate.

If Gaold was wrong, he was wasting his chance to get back home.

"Not 100 percent. But it will be more than 80 percent."

"That high?"

Cage Team B started to mumble.

"According to the information I obtained, Miro was taken by the Archangel Kariel. An archangel of creation must have found a way somehow."

The labyrinth is in heaven.

Everyone's head was complicated by the new fact.

If the space-time of the labyrinth is destroyed, the army of heaven will come to the ground.

Sooner or later, the Association will find out about this, but by then it will be too late. It was a race against time.

"Can't you just check it out?"

As Moriak looked back at the party and said, Tarvan asked back.

"Way?"

"I will have no choice but to go in myself."

"The question is who will do it in the end?"

"I will do it."

The one who raised his hand was the communication wizard Wagon this time as well.

There was no disagreement, and Wagan activated the metagate.

In front of the black sphere, Wagan looked back at his comrades.

More than 80% chance of dying. Almost 100 percent emotionally.

"If the coordinates haven't changed, I'll be right back, so get ready to leave."

Because it was such an operation, even a minute was tight.

Tarvan nodded and said.

"Come quickly. Don't leak anywhere else."

"haha! You never know."

Wagon entered the metagate with a cute eye smile.

A minute passed like that, and he didn't come back.



* * *



Great World War.

A small magic circle appeared on the top of the maze and penetrated into my head.

Miro's eyebrows narrowed slightly.

A binding power that is on a different level from man-made magic control devices.

In addition, it was a dangerous magic circle that exploded just by entering the spirit zone.

"Why not kill him? The dimensional wall must have already disappeared, right?"

Kariel laughed.

"do not worry. It will be over soon."

Even if the space-time of the labyrinth is destroyed, the army of Heaven does not move without the permission of Ankera.

It is said that in order to destroy the hateful humans, an independent force is needed after all.

So the maze was still useful.

I have already convened the meeting of the archangels. If we get opinions from the 8 archangels, we should be able to secure enough power to destroy humans.

On top of that, if Gaold's situation of attacking Heaven overlapped, even Anke La would have been forced to move.

"Look forward to it. I will prepare a splendid execution ceremony."

Kariel left for the archangel meeting room with a cold smile.

Even in a situation where her life was at stake like a lantern in front of the wind, Miro showed no sign of fear.

'If you don't kill me, it means that the final war has been put on hold. But why?'

I still don't know anything.

Once she realized something, she needed someone's help to get started.

'Gaold is here?'

Then Sein would be with him too.

His mistake caused a terrible tragedy to Gaold, but he hoped that they would do their job properly, since the time-space of the labyrinth was destroyed anyway.

'by the way... ... .'

"Beep. beep."

Arius rubbed his face while making a sound of pain as if he felt sorry for the master whose ability was restrained.

Miro raised one eyebrow while stroking his chin as if he were handling a puppy.

'What the hell have these idiots been doing for 20 years?'



* * *



Seventh Thousand Araboth.

Ikael sat on the floor and meditated quietly.

Ashur left to gather information about what Kariel was doing, but has not returned yet.

It is difficult for even Gra, who handles signals freely, to observe the world war while avoiding Kariel's eyes.

It will probably take much longer than usual as information is assembled using signals and their interference.

As such, Ikael's anxiety grew even more.

Things in Purgatory are taking an unusual turn. What the hell is going on?

As I sighed softly and calmed my mind again, I heard a voice in my head.



- Hey Ikael.



Her eyes flashed open.

It was Ankera's voice that I hadn't heard in a long time.



-Ikael, the guilty one, is called.

- The time has come to hear the answer.

-What if you say it's an answer?



Ankerra didn't say anything about it.



- Audience me. forgive your sins



The light began to shine brightly in her open eyes, as if the Milky Way was flowing.

'finally... ... .'

The time when he was on probation with his powers restrained for committing an irreversible sin passed quickly.

I didn't feel excited or happy.

I only thought that I had to go back to the position of archangel and put everything that was messed up back into place.



-All right.



Ikael jumped up and left the room.

Her body blurring, and in an instant she soared up the high spire of Arrabot.

=======================================
[460] Call of Ra (2)





white space.

The white mirror of the archangel meeting room, which only archangels born from pure concepts can enter, had a texture that seemed to be filled with ink that was not stained.

There, irregularities occurred and archangels appeared one by one.

A perfectly round table rose from the floor, and seven archangels landed on it.

The Wings of Light and the celestial bodies were invisible as they permeated the white landscape.

Here they are equal, and can only give one opinion according to their own subjectivity.

The only exception is Archangel Ikael.

But she wasn't here now.

"Long time no see. It means everyone is together."

Rayel, the archangel of light, said.

Dominating the electromagnetic force, he was a handsome man with a 3-meter tall slender body and androgynous appearance.

"One person is missing. Ikael."

Metatron, the archangel of existence, said.

Dominating gravity, he had the power to suck even his voice.

He was two meters tall, on the small side for an angel, but had broad shoulders and a square chin.

"Ikael is on probation. He can't attend the Archangel Conference anyway."

At Uriel's words, Methiel, the archangel of union, frowned.

With her beautiful wide forehead exposed and her golden hair pulled back, she had a cold personality unlike her innocent appearance, and her eyes were sharp.

"Isn't that a problem? No matter what opinions may be expressed, archangels do not abstain. There is no draw with 7 people."

Originally, there were 8 archangels including Ikael. And when opinions are completely divided at the meeting of the archangels, it is common to follow the will of Ikael, the archangel.

That's how Ikael has been in charge of everything.

But now, with only 7 members, no matter what agenda comes up, a decision is sure to come.

On the one hand, it would be a neat solution, but the problem was that the space they were in now was a white view.

The agenda decided by the archangels born from the concept of the source affects all the worlds connected to heaven beyond heaven, purgatory, and furthermore.

For all beings under the control of the Akashic Records, the evil eye created in the white whale is no different from a message from God.

Satiel, the archangel of disintegration, said.

"My thoughts are the same. It's dangerous to operate White Watch without Ikael. Who will be in charge?"

Looking at the angel's phase diagram, just as Kariel and Uriel are side by side like a form, Satiel is also side by side with Methiel, the archangel of union, like a sister.

The archangel's beauty is unmatched by anything, but her personality is far more brutal and cold-hearted than Methiel's.

"I am responsible."

Kariel, who had been waiting, opened her mouth.

"Kariel, you? Are you saying that you know the meaning of responsibility?"

There is no way that he, the most intelligent of the archangels, would not know. That's why it was a question.

"Sure. They called a meeting with the resolution of great extinction."

"Listen to what the agenda is."

At Metatron's words, Kariel brought out the words she had prepared in advance.

"Currently, impure movements are being detected in purgatory. But Ra is not taking any action. I think it is time for the archangels to step in."

Rayel, the archangel of light, asked.

"Does Ikael know?"

Kariel desperately suppressed her crumpled face.

It has been like that since before.

Ikael. Ikael.

Everyone relies on and follows only Ikael.

From the beginning, it may have been only her.

"She is no longer our chief. She doesn't have to ask for an opinion."

Mattiel turned his head. A beautiful voice came out from between slightly parted lips.

"Aren't they only humans? Why are you in such a hurry? No matter what movement the bugs show, just step on them anytime. I don't think we need to do what Ra stopped doing."

Uriel helped Kariel.

"God never forbids the work of human punishment. It just banned the activities of the angels."

said Metatron.

"Is that what it is? Why now? Kariel, what the hell are you thinking?"

"The time-space of the labyrinth has disappeared."

Vibrations of anger emanating from the archangels shook the space of the white whale.

The first to reveal his personality was Satiel, the archangel of disintegration.

"The space-time of the labyrinth has disappeared?"

It was the first and greatest humiliation since their birth that all the heavenly army, including the archangel, stopped marching and retreated in front of mere human ability.

The mere sight of Miro's face shimmering in the celestial body felt as if the angel's pride was being cracked piece by piece.

"If you check it, you will know. Also, the maze is currently caught up in a major world war. With all of your abilities restrained."

Hey hey hey hey!

As the six archangels spread their halos at the same time, a world-shattering roar spread.

No creature could bear to hear this, but no one at the round table cared.

After confirming their respective abilities, they returned the halo to the celestial body.

What Kariel said was true, and if so, it is necessary to reconsider from now on.

Rayel, the archangel of light, said.

"So what is the agenda?"

"We will use all our strength to attack the kingdoms of the earth."

"Hmm."

Metatron stroked his chin.

Although fairies and giants are separate and independent units, it is not an exaggeration to say that 70% of their actual strength lies with the archangels.

However, since the status of the Archangel is so high, it is difficult to draw everyone's agreement.

If a decision was made in Baekkyung, the angels and Mara under them were enough to wipe out the human world.

"But Ra forbade the activity of the angels. What do you think about this?"

"That's why the white watch is activated. We come from Ankera, but the concept of a source. I don't follow the family law. If it's Baekkyung's decision, even Ra can't help it."

The archangels tilted their heads.

Of course, Kariel was right, but their minds were different from human mindsets.

"That, in human terms, is treason, right? Aren't humans the only ones who want to deny the existence of a superior?"

At Rayel's words, Uriel turned to Kariel with a meaningful expression.

What makes Kariel like this?

"I am not denying Ra. The time has come for you to make a decision as an archangel."

"Ymir... ... ."

A muffled voice rang through the white watch.

"It is not moving."

All the archangels turned to one archangel.

The archangel of extinction, Faiel.

The most incomprehensible of the archangels, he was a short, 1 meter 70 cm tall, nearly human-like, wearing a white robe and covering his face with a hood.

There are not many beings in the universe who know his face, but even those who have seen it will not be able to do justice to his face.

Although he was the last to be born among the Archangels, he is the human way to determine the rank based on the order.

Rather, it can be seen that he is a person who is exactly the opposite of Ikael, the archangel of amplification, and has a different personality from the middle-ranking archangels.

Mattiel asked.

"The law of Ymir is the vanguard of war. That he didn't move... ... After all, there will be no war again this time?"

"It could be that it's not a war, it's our victory."

"It could be the other way around."

Kariel was dissatisfied with the archangels who cared about the existence of a mere giant.

"Heh, does it make sense that the higher law cares about the lower law? Anyway, let's start now. If 4 or more agree, the humans are destroyed. In an instant, we will wipe out purgatory and destroy the kingdom of the earth."

The archangels were lost in thought.

Kariel wants war, but angels don't have the concept of persuasion anyway.

It is because their incarnations are so distinct, and their knowledge is not small enough to be swayed by unknown variables.

Ultimately, it's up to you to make your own decisions based on your personality.

As promised, Uriel raised his hand first. Kariel then raised her hand, followed by Metatron and Rael.

The only one who disagreed was Fael.

Even in the absence of Ikael and the refusal of Anchera's message, most of them agreed with the archangels' firm self-esteem.

'With this, the sickest humans will disappear.'

Ikael's face shimmered in Kariel's celestial body, who smiled meaningfully.



* * *



Arriving on the top floor of Arabot, Ikael gazed at the iron gate in front of him for a moment before reaching out his hand.

ridge! ridge! ridge!

Ankera's heartbeat leaked through the crack in the door with an intense sound.

"Anchera, your servant requests an audience."

A massive body with reddish-brown skin surrounded by slime.

It's a collapsed form with no particular personality, but that was the characteristic that symbolized Ankera's totality.

Inside, which weighs 26 tons, all the organs that make up the creature are maintained with only potential before manifestation, and the nerves that run from the ends along the wall are functioning like the brain, engulfing the entire space.

The center of the body bulged out and cut horizontally as if it had been cut with a razor.

Then the skin peeled off and huge pupils popped out, looking around at his son-in-law like a newborn baby.

Ikael took a deep breath when he saw Ankera for the first time since his probation.

As the nerves stretched out on the floor interlocked, a bizarre high-frequency voice was expressed.

"Kik! Hey Ikael! In purgatory, shik!"

The eardrum-piercing sound gradually calmed down and turned into a low pitched voice.

"Heretics have begun their activities."

Ikael prostrated himself.

The first concept created by Ankera. That's why Ikael is special.

It was for this reason that Ra was so determined not to drop her as a fallen angel even though she had committed a crime she should never have committed.

"No heresy can stand against you."

"Someone in the world beyond the labyrinth's space-time has made a change."

Ikael raised his head.

Akashic Records called Anke.

It would not be an ordinary human being to be able to make changes within his concept encompassing the whole.

"That change is bringing the results to the present. Maybe there is no time to listen to the answer he left. That is why I forgive your sins."

Ikael was troubled.

The reason why Ankera avoids war is probably to hear some answer in the end.

"There is one thing I would like to ask you. What question does Ra want an answer to?"

"How can I... ... ."

Anke Ra said.

"... ... Is there not?"

Hearing the question, Ikael's eyes turned vague.

Memories from long ago flowed beautifully along the surface of the asteroid.

And the boy's face too.

"I will fix it."

Ikael said in a firm voice.

If you ascend to the rank of archangel, you will be able to hold all the powers of heaven.

Of course, the same archangels will lose control, but at least they will be able to prevent meaningless sacrifices.

"There are conditions."

"What if you say it's a condition?"

"I will erase the sins you have committed."

Ikael's eyes widened.

If you erase it with the Akashic Records, it is different from simply disappearing from other people's memories.

No one, not even Ikael himself, loses his memory of it.

The only beauty left of her, who was prepared to become a fallen angel and chose to become a great annihilation, would disappear.

"There is a Human in Purgatory who will bring me answers. Can you bear it?"

Ikael's asteroid shook.

it was horror

Memories that should never be forgotten, or that seem impossible to be forgotten, are erased.

'But... ... .'

Ikael's eyes changed fiercely.

'That's why, more than ever, I have to regain the position of archangel.'

Having made up his mind, Ikael nodded.

"I will take it."

Anke Ra didn't ask twice.

His eyes flashed open, and the world's information waved like waves.

Ikael's asteroid spread to the halo, and a black droplet smaller than a speck of dust began to come out.

'I'm sorry.'

A tear fell from Ikael's eye.

=======================================
[461] Call of Ra (3)





The place where Ymir's body was staying was deep underground in Helheim.

If you go down several tens of kilometers in the ice sea, not even light comes in, but Suoi, a creature that lives in symbiosis with Ymir, is floating around, emitting a weak light.

Suoi, who freely moves between solid molecules, has the nature of an incorporeal substance like the creatures of Helheim, and transmits all the information in the world to him through the unique ability of quantum transmission.

In Heaven, the only space where Ymir's body can be restrained may be the ice of Helheim, which never melts.

But Ymir didn't think so.

No physical force can restrain itself.

He can destroy anything, provided it is in a destructible form.

But the law, his law, was the vanguard of the war, and he knew that the time was not yet.

Suoi moved away from Ymir's pupils and displayed various images on the translucent body.

Ymir's eyes were indifferent to the situation in heaven, the situation outside heaven, and even the situation in another world far away.

At that time, dozens of Suoi floating in groups in the distance overlapped, creating a battle scene of a man.

A boy holding a great sword, no, now with the body of a young man, he was competing with countless people.

Suoi's information is just information.

Ymir trusted his judgment, and it was never wrong.

'Not yet.'

One corner of Ymir's mouth went up.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa!

Just that alone caused a huge 2 kilometer crack in the ice wall of the abyss.

'Not yet.'

Ymir just waited.



* * *



Kariel was busy preparing to destroy humans.

Uriel, who watched the numerous devices of the Great World War flying rapidly, turned her gaze to Miro, who was caught under the Milky Way.

Accompanied by Arius, who had been baptized by her, she was immersed in thought with a nonchalant expression. She met Uriel's gaze and smiled.

At that moment, Uriel realized.

He is an abomination who opened the space-time of the labyrinth and scorned the angels, but the reason why the anger in his heart does not spread to hatred is because he is in awe of her.

It's not about being relaxed or full of confidence. There is no worry because there is no heart.

Perhaps it was the ultimate state of imagery that humans can reach, a sense of indifference.

'This is the first time I've felt curiosity about humans.'

Uriel asked.

"What are you thinking?"

"think? What do you think?"

Miro put her chin on her head and asked again.

"All thoughts. I'm curious about the thoughts that are running through your head right now."

"Hmm."

Miro pulled his index finger from his chin and pointed at Uriel.

"You look good. Do you have a lover?"

Miro's gaze swept over the Great World War.

"Isn't that too crude for an angelic device? The aesthetics are also sloppy. Why is that little archangel so busy walking around like that? I'm hungry in real life, but won't you give me something to eat?"

Miro laughed as he listed the thoughts that immediately came to his mind.

"If I asked to be released, wouldn't he fall in love with my beauty and let me go?"

Uriel landed in front of the maze.

The 4-meter-long Gondola of Paradise rotated rapidly as it gathered light.



The Law of Destruction of Paradise - Cheon Do Eun Ha Ryun.



Woo woo woo!

As the goon of paradise bent forward with a terrifying roar, Kariel looked back in amazement ahead of Maze.

The moment the rotation stopped, a sharp noise like squeezing air penetrated the eardrum.

Uriel, who had stopped the plane of paradise next to Miro's temple, spoke in a solemn voice.

"Know your place. It won't do any good to upset me."

"By the way... ... ."

Miro, still smiling, asked with her eyes half-closed as if she was sleepy.

"Why did you have a heart attack?"

"... ... ."

Angel doesn't have a heart, but he didn't even know what a heartbeat meant anyway.

Even so, I couldn't refute it because the more I tried to shake the maze, the more I felt an unpleasant feeling as if I was shaking myself.

After reaping the goon of paradise, Uriel flew to Kariel. Now he too was hoping that the labyrinth would quickly disappear.

Kariel, who was looking at the screen of the central processing unit, said.

"I told you it wouldn't be good to touch you like that. He is the one who scorned the army of Heaven."

Uriel had no choice but to admit it.

How many men can penetrate and stir the mind of a lofty angel?

Kariel pointed to the situation of her troops and said.

"By the way, what about your situation?"

"1st, 2nd, 3rd, all are in good health. Of course, the ordinary angels under my control."

"Right."

Unlike Kariel, who had a satisfied smile, Uriel looked back at the maze feeling embarrassed.

What the hell is she thinking?

"Kariel."

"yes?"

Uriel said while still keeping his eyes on Miro.

"What does heart pounding mean?"



* * *



After the audience with Ankera, Ikael came down in the light elevator.

No longer did she have to be confined to a probation room.

For the first time in a long time, there was goodness in her eyes as she looked at the outside scenery.

The reason why the world is beautiful is because everything came out of the world.

Perhaps you forgot something. But it wasn't painful because I had already forgotten.

Hall is divided.

All sins have been blotted out.

And it was directly related to the authority of the Archangel, who had made all living things tremble a long time ago.

Her expression as she looked around the landscape with a beautiful smile gradually disappeared.

She regained the dignity of the archangel before she knew it, and spoke briefly while staring straight ahead.

"Ashur."

visor!

Dozens of panels were embedded in Ikael's face, and Ashur appeared immediately.

As Ikael's power was released according to the law of his family, his power became stronger than before.

"Your servant answers the call."

Ashur's voice overflowed with power, and a keen energy flashed in his eyes.

His pride reached its peak just because he was the archangel Ikael's triangular Mara.

"What about Kariel?"

"It is as we feared. We are currently mustering the White Watch and mustering the troops of the other archangels. In 24 hours we will leave for purgatory."

"Tell me what you know."

Ashur, who controls signals, conveys information faster than words.

But it was such an honor that I was rather afraid.

"Ikael-sama, I... ... ."

"There is no time. Mental bonding is permitted."

Ashur lowered his head with a thrilled expression.

Subsequently, countless panels unfolded and disappeared as if they melted into Ikael's asteroid.

As the information Ashur gathered quickly flashed through his mind, everything was clearly revealed.

Ikael lowered his eyes.

It wasn't difficult to decide where to start.

"Whoa."

Ikael's eyelids gently lowered, and air was sucked into her chest.

The next moment, her eyes widened terribly, and a burst of rage erupted.



Ka-Li-L~!



"Aww!"

Ashur, who was close by, gritted his teeth and suppressed his fear.

Ikael's voice spread with tremendous amplifying power and spread to other heavens in concentric circles from Arabot at the center of Heaven.



Ka-Li-L~!



The beings from the 1st to the 7th heaven heard Ikael's voice and fell to the ground.

Not even fairies, giants, or even ordinary angels could resist the wrath of her voice.



Ka-Li-L~!



The echoes penetrated the iron and vibrated the inside of the building, and finally reached the Great World War, which is staying at the end of the ritual.



Ka-Li-L~!



"Aaaaaaaang!"

Kariel cried with an expression like paint that had been released with all kinds of fearful emotions.

I don't know what the situation is, but Ikael is coming. Archangel Ikael is coming.

Kariel, who moved fast enough to be said to be the speed of light, flew up as soon as she grabbed Miro and Arius.

Before he had time to activate his ability, he pierced the ceiling with his body and disappeared. At the same time, the afterimage reached the front of the galaxy mirror where Uriel was standing, and Ikael appeared with a popping sound.

As the air was pushed out, the great world war shook like an earthquake.

"... ... ."

Uriel looked at the profile of Ikael standing in front of him.

Eyes full of supreme confidence.

It was the image of the archangel he knew long ago.

"Uriel."

"Dear Archangel."

Uriel immediately lowered his head.

"Where is Kariel?"

Perhaps Anke Ra has entrusted all powers to her.

It is impossible to lie.

"I would have gone to the second thousand."

City of Fallen Angels. It was the best and only place for Kariel to hide.

"Do you guide me?"

Ikael shook his head.

Kariel can be caught anytime.

What Ra wants is to postpone the war until he hears an answer.

Then, the first person she should meet was not Kariel.

"Go to purgatory. Uriel, you speak my words to the other archangels. From now on, don't do anything without my permission. In case of violation, I will use the authority of the archangel."

"I will follow your will."

Uriel, who obeyed the order, raised his head again and asked.

"Are you planning to go to the rebel headquarters?"

"yes."

Ikael opened his eyes and said.

"I will meet Shirone, the light of Area 73."



* * *



Around dawn, Gaold returned to the Rebel 1st HQ. He was, of course, with the surviving Cage B team.

Giving up sleep, Shirone and the others who were waiting for Gaold ran.

Gaold looked exhausted, but thanks to Saint Moriac's treatment, he was not seriously injured.

Sein first showed interest in the goods that Cage Team B was transporting.

It was a container containing a large Targis.

When Sein left with the rebel engineer, all those who remained looked at Gaold's face.

After hearing about his painful past, I couldn't treat him as comfortably as before.

Gaold looked at the reaction and roughly guessed it, but it was not a big deal.

"What are you doing? Aren't you going to assemble the Targis? It's a war from now on. We'll hit it in 24 hours."

The river is coming.

"it's okay?"

Gaold raised one eyebrow.

It was unexpected for Kang Nan to express his concern without thorns in his tone.

"Why are you like that? Are you upset?"

Outside of Miro and Sain, she has been by Gaold's side for the longest time, but this is the first time she has clearly learned about Gaold's past.

"Why me? If I had been curious, I would have asked right away."

"haha."

Gaold passed his thumb back and pointed at Cage Team B.

"Take good care of yourself. It was half-destroyed by me, but it will help when needed."

The Cage B team that I know as the chief of staff is by no means weak. Perhaps the result would have been different had Gaold not been the person they were targeting.

Whoa!

At that time, a siren sounded from the command and control room of the rebel headquarters.

While everyone was looking around, a soldier ran and shouted.

"air raid! Enemy raid! It's flying at breakneck speed!"

Hearing the soldier's voice, his gaze turned to the sky, but nothing was visible.

"what?"

Even the soldier had a blank expression.

When calculating the radius of the radar, it was normal to have already entered the line of sight.

Gaold said with a frown.

"Get ready."

As soon as the horse landed, Jiangnan prepared for battle, and at the same time something crashed in front of them.

It took quite a long time to be recognized in everyone's head even though it was revealed at such a fast pace.

Meanwhile, the raider spread his wings of light and looked back at the rebels with his head held high.

"I-that... ... ."

It was one angel who infiltrated the rebel 1st HQ.

A face imbued with sacredness in pure white beauty, a slender body with straight arms and legs.

Shirone felt his heart stop.

Archangel Ikael was looking at him.

=======================================
[462] Call of Ra (4)





Second thousand Rakia.

City of fallen angels.

All the buildings were white, but red light shimmered like a haze on the walls.

The roads were empty, and a mixture of emotions leaked from the thousands of spiers.

Sounds as varied as the number of fallen angels.

There were no taboos for them, and their dissolute minds were running out of control to countless pleasures.

The place where Kariel arrived was the building where Rakia's executive office was located.

The huge building made of bricks was complex like a castle, and three spiers rose as if piercing the sky.

Halls of Corruption.

In a place as wide as the Great World War, numerous plaster statues of fallen angels were enshrined as if honoring heroes.

The poses of the plaster statues revealed numerous actions, some of which were easily understandable to humans, and some of which were incomprehensible to human standards.

Kariel tossed Miro and Arius to the altar in the Hall of Corruption.

Arius rolled on the floor and lay down like a dog deprived of its prey, baring its teeth.

"Kreurreung! Kreurreung!"

Kariel looked at the maze without paying attention.

In his intelligent eyes, I could see him rolling his head to grasp the current situation.

"You don't have to try. One way or another, you will die."

"Huh, I think you're the one who's fluttering? Your face was really nice to see."

Kariel's expression crumpled.

The reason I'm afraid of Ikael isn't because she's strong.

The one who suffers is always the one who gave her heart, and the sense of betrayal pierces her heart with even greater pain, feeling the despair of the world fading away in front of her anger towards her.

"Do you think you have defeated the armies of Heaven? No, you're just someone's heir. And now even that power is gone."

When Kariel snapped her finger, the plaster statues in the hall glowed red, and hundreds of Maras jumped out and charged into the maze.

"Kuaaaaa!"

A number of hideous monsters bared their teeth against Miro's face.

"Abominable woman! I will chew your bones carefully!"

"I'll pluck out your soul and eat it! I will make you wander forever in the pits of hell!"

A ghastly sound came from close by.

Arius wandered around the labyrinth restlessly with hostility to the point of wanting to pierce his flesh with his nails right now.

Miro, on the other hand, didn't even blink.

She doesn't give her heart to anyone. That's why everyone throws their hearts at her.

Miro's impermanence prevails over all minds, so he could not feel fear.

"What are you up to? What you were trying to do seems to have gone in vain."

Ikael's anger was heard by Miro as well.

And if this is the city of fallen angels, it means that Kariel has already been amputated as an outsider of heaven.

Kariel was thinking about that too.

As long as Ikael becomes the archangel, the other archangels will not move.

What suddenly crossed my mind was that maybe it would be best to end it here.

But soon he changed his mind.

'Ikael.'

The stronger she became, the more afraid she became, the more her desire to prevail over her mind grew.

'Is that the only thing after all?'

Kariel turned around without answering.

Numerous maras retreated from the maze and expressed their will to obey.

"Brilliant Archangel, where are you going?"

Due to the nature of Rakia, the troops of Heaven cannot be stationed there.

Then there are people who are just right for you.

"We are going to Muspelheim."

Kariel turned into light and flew up.

To the place where the fallen giants are.



* * *



"This is Ikael?"

The rebels were thrown into confusion just by the appearance of Ikael.

Her name had more destructive power than any armed air strike.

Once upon a time they too were the subjects who inhabited Heaven.

The heroic story of Ikael, who destroyed countless heresies and completely destroyed a civilization, was already positioned in the brightest place even in mythology.

Gaold watched Ikael's face.

It is not possible to measure an objective figure just by looking at it.

This is because combat is something you do not know unless you try it, and it is a holistic activity in which numerous variables work.

'I'll never win that one.'

Gaold readily acknowledged the opponent's capabilities.

Archangel Ikael, who had fully awakened, was not an object to be analyzed with the concept of battle.

just power.

It was the amplification itself that exists in the natural world.

That's why I came alone.

It could only be seen that Ikael himself knew that he could destroy the rebel 1st HQ alone.

'Ikael... ... .'

Amidst the complicated thoughts going back and forth in each person's head, only Shirone's mind went blank.

Before coming to heaven, no, even after coming, I never imagined that I would be able to meet them in this way.

My heart pounded and my fingertips trembled.

But Ikael couldn't find that beautiful smile he had seen before.

Only the authority of the archangel who commanded heaven was buried in his expression.

Kiyiying!

A barbell flew from the armory with an intense metallic noise.

Babel, which was newly equipped with an algorithm by Shirone, immediately sensed the existence of a powerful angel far beyond the normal orbit, and was in a state of raising all available combat power.

"Oh, this can't be... ... ."

The rebels looked surprised.

It wasn't until the two beings were in one space that I realized it.

Ikael and Babel are perfectly similar in form.

Of course, the beauty of Babel is nothing compared to the real thing, but beyond the height and curves of the body, it resembled the tips of the fingers.

'Babel... ... .'

Ikael looked at the machine that looked just like him.

I know that it is the only gas in the world, but I also know who created it, but all conversations with that person have already been erased.

Even so, there was a vague feeling in his eyes.

No matter how much memory is erased, the incident itself is not gone.

Her body, everything except her memories made her feel a faint nostalgia for Babel.

Hey hey!

Babel moved quickly and charged towards Ikael.

Eliminating angels is the value of Babel's existence.

As soon as sharp iron claws poked into Ikael's forehead, Shirone activated the Ultima System.

'no! stop!'

Babel stopped moving while aiming at the capital.

But nothing was already standing there.

Before I knew it, Ikael, who had flung himself, passed Babel's back and was walking towards the rebels.

Sein, who had personally experienced the speed of Babel, got goosebumps just by seeing Ikael's movements.

'I have to fight a monster like that to recapture the maze?'

As if he had no interest in human thoughts, Ikael spoke to everyone.

"Accept the will of Ra. If you stop the war from this hour, Ra will also set you free."

"Have you been released? Are we going to win?"

The rebels groaned.

It was unexpected that heaven would propose a truce first in a situation where victory or defeat in a war could not be guaranteed even with a large tagis.

Commander Crude stepped forward.

"By liberation, what exactly do you mean?"

"Tell me what you want. I will converge on anything I can do in my capacity."

Crud looked back at Sein.

Honestly, from the moment Ikael appeared, I was so desperate that I thought everything was over, so I didn't expect it to come out in such a low profile.

Sein signaled by nodding his head.

Of course, he came here not to liberate the rebels, but to save the labyrinth, but now that the situation has turned out like this, it was in order to listen.

"Move your seat."

When Kurud pointed to the command and control room, Ikael shook his head.

"No, you are not the one to negotiate."

"then?"

Everyone's eyes focused on Ikael as he turned to Shirone.

Of course, Shirone is symbolic to the rebels as the light of District 73.

However, it is true that experience and position are vague enough to decide something at the negotiating table.

I couldn't figure out why Ikael singled out Shirone.

"Send it at once."

Gaold said.

If Shirone's condition for activating God's Punishment was to face Ikael alone, it was the right choice tactically as well.

Crud, who had confidence in Gaold and the others, eventually agreed, and Shirone and Ikael walked side by side through the corridors of the command and control room following the guidance of the executive.

Shirone's mind was still confused.

There were many thoughts about what to say first, why she was so callous to herself, but it was not yet time to get them out.

He just assumed that she would be like him.

"This is it. It is the only place where eavesdropping is impossible."

The officer opened the door to the most secure interview room at the rebel headquarters and let the two men in.

The door closed and even the guards left.

It was Ikael's order not to approach within a radius of 100 meters.

It was a ridiculous request considering Shirone's level of risk, but he knew she could do anything if she put her mind to it anyway.

Shirone and Ikael, who sat across from each other at the table in the interview room, were silent for a while.

Shirone, unable to bear the tension, smiled first and opened her mouth.

"long time no see."

Only then did Ikael show a smile.

"okay. I'm glad you got back safely."

Shirone clearly remembered the situation in which Ikael taught Ataraxia.

If it wasn't for her, we would never have met again here.

There was another awkward silence.

The reason why Ikael pointed out Shirone was according to Ankera's will.

Also, the reason I came here was to disarm the rebels and negotiate.

Even so, he didn't want to leave his mouth.

'I... ... What am I missing?'

From the moment I saw Shirone, the feeling of scratching my heart continued endlessly.

Area 73 light. The boy who personally taught Ataraxia.

But why did he try to hand over the archangel's power?

Ikael's asteroid, recalling his emotions at the time, flinched as if in surprise.

Her eyebrows wrinkled, and unknown emotions engulfed her whole body.

"it's okay?"

Shirone asked anxiously.

"it's okay. Well, first of all, the rebels... ... ."

"Before that, I have a question for you."

These were the words that Shirone needed to hear first of all.

Ikael blinked as if waiting for an answer, and Shirone took a deep breath and spoke carefully.

"I've been curious about it for a long time. Is there anything you can tell me?"

Ikael's head tilted.

There was nothing to say between Shirone and himself.

Even so, the reason I can't deny it is because I felt faint again like when I saw Babel.

"no."

Ikael said firmly.

It was a cold voice that tried to deny it.

"I have nothing to say personally."

Shirone's heart sank.

The reason he risked his life to go to heaven was because of the conviction that he would definitely hear her if he met her.

By the way... ... .

"Nothing to say, nothing to say?"

"I don't know what you're talking about, I."

At that moment, Ikael's voice trembled.

It's a memory that doesn't exist, but it's because the heart has already been cast.

She desperately tried to squeeze the words out. The more I did, the more a great sadness came from somewhere unknown.

She grimaced as if to hold back the pain.

"I have nothing to say to you."

Ikael stared at Shirone as if searching for the existence of something that troubled his heart.

At that moment, clear tears flowed from her beautiful eyes.

She didn't know the meaning of the tears she was shedding now.

=======================================
[463] Call of Ra (5)





Muspelheim, the land of fallen giants.

The fire giants lived where the unquenchable flame stretched to the far horizon.

Among the giants born through the anecdote, they harbored the incarnation of hatred, and in their heads, there was only burning hatred for which neither purpose nor cause was clear.

Kariel walked out leisurely in the battleground where they screamed and hurt each other.

They, too, were once chained under Heaven's chain of command, and they knew that if they breathed fire on the beautiful archangel, they would be instantly annihilated.

Surt, the leader of the fire giants, greeted Kariel.

Standing 7 meters tall and wearing armor of flame, it was comparable to his height, but when he faced the Archangel, he knelt in the most reverent posture.

"The lowly man sees Kariel-nim."

A scorching heat hit Kariel.

Biologically the strongest in heaven is definitely the best, but the fire giants are a little unique compared to other giants.

It's just that it uses its own magic.

Perhaps this is the nature of fire due to the freedom of unstandardized ideas.

There are as many warriors as Ikael's three-legged Mara Ashur who can compete with Ymir, but the strongest swordsman in Purgatory was by far Surt.

"There is something you can do for me."

Surtur raised his head in surprise.

The fiery sword Muspel he was wearing spewed out huge flames and pushed the ground for a long time.

Asking for help from an archangel to a fire giant was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for Surtur, who dreamed of returning to heaven.

"Just leave me to do anything!"

Kariel nodded her head in satisfaction.

Ankera has entrusted all power to Ikael, and she will stop the war.

If that happens, Kariel's purpose will be in vain, and there is no way to oppose Ikael now that his limbs have been cut off.

But they come.

'Gaold.'

he will definitely come As long as the maze is alive.

'I hate to admit it, but... ... .'

The maze is excellent.

If you have the most outstanding wizard among humans, there will always be a chance to change the situation in heaven.

Now was not the time to cover things up to gather troops.

"Gather the most elite troops and come to the 2nd Heaven Rakia. I will be waiting for you in the Halls of Corruption."

"This is the most suitable place for us."

Fire giants are forbidden from entering heaven, but according to the principle of the law, the city of fallen angels, Laika, was an exception, and this was the reason Kariel escaped to the second heaven.

"There is no time. Let's leave immediately."

Kariel, who gave the instructions, immediately flew up and headed for heaven.

It was time to welcome guests.



* * *



"You have nothing to tell me?"

Shirone couldn't believe Ikael's words.

No, maybe this is true.

A vain delusion, or a selfish and extremely human-like expectation that it would be so.

It may be that such actions caused an illusion.

But how do you explain the vague memory that remains as an afterimage in your head, and the feeling of your heart beating just by touching it?

"Perhaps... ... ."

Shirone couldn't bring himself to speak.

When I heard the same answer again, I couldn't handle the sadness, so I asked around.

"What kind of person is a Guffin?"

thud.

Ikael's star shook again.

If the angels had seen this scene, they would have been amazed to the point of losing their minds.

Ikael, who was crazy about that, regained his composure.

As a commander in heaven, he couldn't show a disheveled appearance from where he came to negotiate an armistice with the rebels.

"Guppin is the last Gaian. We know that he left the photon world after losing the war against Heaven. Of course, all information has now been lost."

Even Shirone knows about erasing Guffin.

But how does Ikael have memories of him?

One possible reason.

Just as humans can guess the existence of guffins through the remains of guffins, it meant that her personal memories of guffins were materialized.

It is absolutely impossible for a human who lives at least 100 years, but this place was a paradise most deeply related to guffins.

"Were you close with him?"

Ikael shook his head.

When I think of that time, it really hurts.

"Nope. He was a savvy human being. He didn't know compromise. If it wasn't for him, Gaia wouldn't have made so many sacrifices."

The reaction was subtly different from when I met Ikael in the first trip to heaven.

Maybe it was natural.

According to Babel's records, Gaia and Heaven fought fiercely, risking each other's existence.

"It must have been an enemy encounter."

"There were a lot of clashes and a lot of arguments. He was a strong man. Even I, the archangel, couldn't make a decision."

The corners of Ikael's lips rose involuntarily.

There was a happy light in her eyes even as she recalled the memories of fighting.

"Once this happened... ... ."

Ikael suddenly stopped talking.

I couldn't remember anything.

It feels like there is a black hole in the memory space filled with five colors.

The moment I looked at that black space, all my heart was sucked into it, and a crushing pain surged through my chest.

Ikael opened his eyes and bit his lip.

'Not anymore. It can't be looked down on anymore.'

She amplified the sound and told everyone.

"I will change the negotiator. The person in charge, please come here."

Shirone became impatient.

Clearly she knew, and that is why she had to speak.

"Why are you cheating?"

"what? I'm not cheating on anything."

"It is different from before! There must be a reason why you passed on Ataraxia to me!"

"It is to keep Kariel in check. Thanks to that, I was able to rise to the position of archangel again."

"No, you have to talk to me. I am responsible for that."

"The only thing I am responsible for is heaven."

"you are... ... !"

Shirone jumped up.

Both of them were ignoring the core and arguing only with the signified.

"You me... ... !"

The moment Shirone was about to shout, the door burst open.

Upon hearing Ikael's message, the rebel commander Crud, Gaold's party, and officers gathered in large numbers.

"what's the matter?"

As soon as Flew entered the room, he checked Shirone's condition.

Fortunately, nothing to worry about happened, but the atmosphere was grim.

Ikael was glaring at Shirone as if he was angry, and Shirone was also clenching his fists and biting his lips.

Ikael turned his head annoyed.

"I admit my mistake. I don't want to waste any more time. Say what you want. The only condition Heaven wants is a cessation of war."

Ikael has returned to being the solemn archangel. And to Shirone, that appearance was everything.

Everyone moved to the command and control room and sat in a circle around a round table.

A few stood because there were no seats, including Shirone and Fleur.

Fleur was puzzled by the sight of Shirone staring at the wall without even paying attention to Ikael.

It was questionable as to why Shirone had made an interview with Ikael a condition, but I wondered if there really was such a thing in the world where you could sit alone with an archangel and blush.

Commander Crude said.

"Our conditions are as follows. To return the rebels to Heaven. Ban the alcohol of Ilhwa. Also, deprive Kergoin of priesthood and elect leaders from all races. These are three things."

Ikael's eyes narrowed calmly.

Why do humans love equality so much?

All things in this world are never equal. Nevertheless, they regard equality as their number one value.

'Because I'm weak.'

yes, it is weak

Therefore, it is to show mercy to the weak, not submissive.

"Do not accept. In the future, you will not be tormented by the sake of anecdotes."

"That alone is not enough."

One of the officers standing on the wall stepped out.

He had been glaring at Ikael with ferocious eyes since he first came here, and he had lost his family in the war against Heaven.

"How much damage have we done because of you? Now, let's do something that didn't happen and finish it?"

"Debra, take care of yourself."

Crud tried to dissuade her, but Debra couldn't hold back her anger.

"Don't you at least have to go through the same pain? One of the angels should apologize as the representative and commit suicide! That is my condition!"

equal.

Ikael nodded. He could not go against Anchera's will.

"i get it. converge."

The Round Table whispered.

It is assumed that Debra has lost her reason, but she did not know that she would allow an angel to commit suicide.

Then another executive who had been watching came out.

"Give me eternal life."

A malignant tumor had spread throughout his body, and he had only a few days left to live.

"Even though you die, you don't perish, do you? But what's the point of killing one angel? Give us eternal life too! That is the condition!"

equal.

Ikael couldn't stand it any longer at the offer of equality three times.

As soon as his eyes cooled, a sense of tension was felt in the hall. Then, the command and control room began to shake as if an earthquake had occurred.

"How far are you going to indulge yourself, humans?"

Chee Hee Hee!

Ikael's halo expanded, and Ataraxia was accumulated in an instant.

The round table collapsed flat as Gaold pressed down with the air press.

Ikael, who had already left his seat, flew through the ceiling.

"Damn it! chase!"

Ikael's exclusive patent, Ataraxia, amplifies all kinds of powers in the world.

That's why it's the strongest.

Even the gently flowing spring wind can turn into a typhoon that can wipe out the world when Ataraxia works.

Sein turned the Iron Wheel and cast Equilibrium, but it was not enough to return Ikael's information.

"Attack! If we don't catch it now, we will perish!"

Crude glared at the executives who had ruined the negotiations and then stormed out.

You can't blame them. Because even I felt a momentary feeling of wanting to do something.

What Ikael was amplifying was the water vein flowing beneath the headquarters.

The amplification power is at least 20,000 times higher.

The moment the water vein breaks through, everything in the headquarters will be destroyed.

"I command you as the archangel."

Ataraxia shot a splendid light into the sky.

"Destroy."

The ground shook vertically and the floor cracked.

When buildings made of iron began to tear like paper, people's faces were filled with despair.

Gaold's thoughts were correct.

The name of battle could not be defined, only the strength itself was Ikael.



- Target to be removed: Archangel Ikael.



Just as a huge explosion was about to happen, a black object flew towards Ikael at high speed.

It was an afterimage to everyone, but to Ikael it was clearly visible as if the shape of Babel had been stuffed.

Even though it was not an unavoidable speed, the reason why it was unavoidable was because of the black hole in the memory.

'what? What the hell did I forget, my mind... ... .'

Babel arrived in front of Ikael only after more than 10,000 human thoughts had passed.

She twisted her body leisurely.

At that moment, an unknown binding force seized her body.

She quickly looked away and saw that Shirone, who had transformed into an adamantine warrior, was activating Akamai's antithesis.

'Shirone... ... ?'

bang!

Babel's fist hit Ikael's face.

Ikael's body, exposed to ignorant power, was slammed vertically, and just before colliding with the ground, he spread his golden wings and prevented the fall.

"I-I can't... ... ."

The rebels in combat readiness opened their mouths in a daze.

This time, even Gaold couldn't help but be stunned.

As soon as Ikael gently raised his body from the lying position, Shirone landed on the ground.

The tentacles of the Armed Forces stretched out like peacock feathers and aimed at Ikael, and Akamai's eyes hung on her, trapping her.

'Is it antithese?'

Ikael demonstrated that he was free from the restraint by shaking his shoulder.

'I'll be able to bind a lower level angel enough.'

Obviously much stronger than before.

But what good is it? Of all things in her world, none is stronger than her.

"Shirone, if you want to come out like this... ... ."

thud!

Ikael's steps stopped at the sound of the ground shaking.

The metal angel Babel was guarding Shirone's side, taking a combat stance.

Ikael slightly frowned.

The fact that a being similar to himself was guarding Shirone was terribly unpleasant.

=======================================
[464] Call of Ra (6)





'Ikael, why... ... .'

Shirone looked at Ikael with sorrowful eyes.

Her wrinkled face was completely different from the good impression left in my memory.

What the hell is she hiding?

No, why did it change?

After meeting Guffin, her appearance of standing on the side of humans disappeared, and only the dignity of the archangel who controlled humans with strong authority stood on her face.

If it was just a little bit late, the rebel 1st HQ would have exploded.

Many lives would have been lost.

The fact that someone died by her hand was more terrifying than hitting her.

"Stop it now. Are you saying you came to sign a peace treaty and then changing your words like flipping the palm of your hand?"

"Shirone, there is no eternal peace. I just came to ask for a truce. However, since human self-indulgence has reached the heavens, it can only be destroyed by the law."

Ankera wants to hear the answers to the questions of the missing person. A truce just for that.

Ra's will to seek answers even while banning the activities of angels who were no different from limbs had been transmitted to the depths of Ikael's body, but he could not leave the arrogant humans alone.

"Negotiations are broken. We will destroy the rebels and establish the authority of heaven right here and now."

"Will it be that easy?"

Gaold and the others approached from behind Shirone.

Around them, rebels who had finished preparing for battle were boarding hundreds of Kuroi. The sound of the Titan's engines could be heard in the distance.

From Ekael's point of view, it was just the same.

No human being can do it for the archangel. It is because the status of the law itself is different.

A law that goes beyond the law, if possible. only transcends humanity.

'Like him... ... .'

Ikael shook his head resolutely.

I won't think about anything anymore.

"Prepare. come."

A strong will to fight rose from Ikael's body.

Even if it wasn't Ataraxia, Shirone's party was tensed by the powerful energy that made the mountains and rivers tremble.

Gaold glared at Ikael with a fierce gaze like never before.

The archangel's power that he actually encountered was astonishing.

but i can't

Even if he couldn't win, there was a reason he should never lose.

Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!

As the ground where Ikael was standing was crushed, cracks began to form along the circle.

Her body is ready to burst out with terrifying explosive power.

The distance she can reach before humans recognize it is the entire rebel headquarters.

That is, the first target must die.

Even Cage Team B, who had planned not to intervene in this incident as much as possible, had no choice but to take a defensive posture from a distance.

'The first thing to be eliminated is... ... .'

Ikael jumped out with his eyes wide open.

'Shirone.'

Ra has banned the activities of the angels, but the archangels born from the concept of the source are not bound by the law of Ra.

Therefore, you must already be observing the situation here in real time by 'overlooking'.

Ikael caught sight of Shirone gradually approaching.

It was so fast that all scenery, including Shirone, stopped as if time had stopped.

'If I don't show my will, the archangel's authority will be shaken.'

I've already seen a lot of funny things.

If this is further shaken, the archangels will break away from Ikael's authority and act independently, and if that happens, there will be great difficulties in fulfilling Ra's will.

'thus... ... .'

remove the Shirone

By the time she thought about it, her body had reduced the distance to Shirone by about half.

Then, slowly, the scenery moved.

Babel and Gaold tilted their centers almost at the same time, followed by Sein, Zulu, and Armin.

Kang Nan was next, followed by Etela, Shiina, and Quan, who took a counterattack posture.

Finally, Shirone didn't move until Fleur performed an automatic action using the Dawkins Algorithm.

In the state of Geumgang Armed Forces, cognitive ability increases tremendously.

Therefore, the result of immobility could be said to be entirely his choice.

Being quick-thinking is, in a sense, unfortunate.

You see things you don't have to see, and you think things you don't have to think about.

Ikael gritted his teeth and raised his claws at Shirone.

will pull out the heart.

Avoiding Babel's sword, he thrust out five fingers toward Shirone's heart.

The wind that had been blowing in from several tens of meters hit Shirone and pushed back his robe.

At the same time, Ikael's hand stood still.

'why... ... .'

Shirone's sorrowful face was revealed.

'Are you crying?'

Tears flowed from his lovely eyes.

It was a stronger deterrent than the archangel's authority and Anchera.

Indeed, how much did he throw everything at this boy?

While everyone who was trying to counterattack stopped, Shirone spoke in a weeping voice.

"Just like before... ... I just wanted to hug you once... ... ."

At the sound of Shirone's voice, Ikael's astral body began to vibrate violently.

memory has been erased. However, the memory that was erased was not erased.

What is buried in the border of erasure, which is small, perhaps even thinner than a particle, is a deep feeling bigger than the universe.

She had truly lost her memory, but she realized that it was a memory that should never have been lost.

I had to accept that whatever it was, it was so precious.

Ikael slowly lowered his hand.

I couldn't hug Shirone, but I couldn't hurt him either.

'All I have to do is accept it.'

Ikael slowly backed away.

Every time she took a step back, it felt like the tension that was weighing down everyone's shoulders was relieved by a ton.

When Ikael returned to his original position. In front of her, colorful panels glowed, and a three-legged Mara appeared.

Only a few of Gaold and his party knew that he was Ashur, the best magician in heaven.

"Ikael."

"Please speak."

Ikael said while still keeping his eyes on Shirone.

The reason the tone was insignificant was because he had already guessed.

"It is a rebound. Kariel summoned the fire giants to the Second Heaven and Uriel agreed. The remaining archangels were also scattered to different parts of Heaven, each with a different purpose."

They too realized.

Although Ikael has regained his original strength, he has a fatal flaw different from before.

If you cannot command all with great power, the archangels will act according to their own judgment.

Of course, in the yard where the activities of angels are banned, only Kariel and Uriel are the only angels who will go astray enough to reject Ankera's message.

But at least the three maras led by the other archangels were free.

'It's definitely a period of upheaval in heaven. However, this is also my responsibility.'

Ikael asked.

"How is the movement of the ordinary angels?"

"I'm not going out of Jebul. As long as you are bound by the higher law of being an archangel, you will not be able to do nonsense."

It is unpredictable.

If one of the archangels causes another reaction, it will affect the ordinary angels as well.

"Let's go back. Negotiations are broken."

Ashur nodded and looked back at Shirone with a puzzled expression.

Ikael's crimes were erased when she was reinstated, but only Ikael's memory was lost.

Therefore, Ashur had some idea about the relationship between Ikael and Shirone.

But it was rather an extremely abnormal and dangerous thing.

In order to perfectly restore the original Ikael, it is best to reset it. This is because if the event itself is erased, even a variable does not occur.

But Ra didn't do that.

'No, didn't I?'

Could that be the case?

Even the Ultima system couldn't prevent Ra's reset in the end.

Therefore, the failure to do so had to be seen as a situational binding force that had nothing to do with Ra's ability.

'In other words, it is currently in a situation where it cannot attempt a reset.'

An electrical signal, meaning shudder, flowed through Ashur's body.

'Damn it! like that. The timeline we are in now... ... .'

Before the bottom case was completed, he stabbed in first.

Therefore, the war between Heaven and the rebels is only a visible situation, and a high level of psychological warfare is unfolding behind it.

Perhaps someone, group, organization, or something bigger on the side of humanity.

'That's why Ymir doesn't move. She's totally twisted.'

Currently, if they try to create a variable first over there, the event they experience now is the first event out of reset.

In other words, the raw timeline is flowing.

Even an angel, the supreme spiritual body, cannot predict the variables of time that flow beyond cause and effect.

Anke Ra is not suppressing the war, rather it is fighting alone.

With someone who controls the timeline from beyond humanity.

'Then I should also keep my mouth shut.'

Since I don't know what effect today's trivial variables will have on Heaven, I have no choice but to follow Ra's judgment.

Embracing the frustration of not being able to predict even the future after a while, Ashur signaled Ikael to go back.

Gaold asked as Ikael was about to take flight.

"Where is the maze?"

Today's events have dampened the rebels' spirit, but Gaold will come. That's probably why Kariel is imprisoning the maze in Rakia.

"It is in the second thousand."

Ikael confided in meekly.

She also vaguely sensed what Ashur was thinking.

In order to lead the seven archangels, it is better to tie the two most dangerous elements, Kariel and Uriel, to some extent.

"Right. Go find it."

Ikael didn't answer, and flew up as fast as light, disappearing from everyone's gaze at command.



* * *



The atmosphere at the rebel headquarters was solemn.

They were the ones who ruined the unusual offer from Heaven, so I couldn't blame anyone.

The executives held heated meetings all night without deciding on a war, and Gaold and his party were gathering their minds with their thoughts in mind.

Whatever decision they make, the project must go ahead.

It wasn't just Gaold, it was the same for Shirone.

'Ikael... ... .'

Why is she so cruel to herself?

If it was just an illusion, it's enough to admit it like that.

But in the end, she couldn't attack.

In that hesitant trembling, there were words that Shirone really wanted to hear.

Hearing a knock and seeing Sain enter, Shirone tries to smile.

The reason for the slight bitterness is that we guess the reason for his visit.

"How are you feeling?"

It was really strange for a Servant to care about his emotions, but it didn't feel bad.

"I don't know yet. Because it doesn't touch the reality."

"I won't ask how you and Ikael are."

Sein was sincere.

That was only Shirone's problem.

"I know. Having fulfilled the terms of the contract, I will not hesitate. Please come up with a strategy to activate God's punishment."

Sein nodded.

First of all, that was the most important issue.

"If any part of Ikael was different from what you expected... ... ."

Sae-in brought out the second agenda.

"It's probably Ankera's Akashic Records triggered."

"You mean Ikael lost his memory?"

"There is a possibility of that. When the parts change, the whole changes. Anke Ra is the whole, so it doesn't matter if it changes in any way, but we plan to use the variables that came out of it. Ikael also falls under that category."

Shirone knew what Sain was trying to say.

It meant that the war was not over yet.

"You will be on an independent mission. It's best for Zulu to support you, but there's a bit of an annoyance on our side as well. It will catch the flu."

Shirone was happy.

As I felt at 2nd Command, Flu was the most reliable ally.

"Yes. I am very good."

"Rest. I'll tell you when the plan is set."

Sein briefly finished his business and turned around.

Just as she was about to open the door and leave, Shirone said.

"thank you."

Sain closed the door while contemplating what to say until the end.

"... ... It's just part of the tactic."

It must have been, but Shirone felt much lighter than before.

'Ikael.'

will meet her

Because that's the only reason I came to heaven.

=======================================
[465] Initiation of War (1)





dawning morning.

The large Targis roared and started revving its engines.

Powerful electromagnetic waves hit Heaven directly, and Heaven's air defense system, Aegis, was completely paralyzed.

"Charge!"

A whopping 150,000 troops under the combined rebel command advanced toward the gates from the 1st to the 6th Thousand, excluding Arabot.

And so the war with heaven began.

"Senior, this way."

Shirone and Fleur safely infiltrated the Third Heaven, Shehakim, where the immortal subjects resided.

Currently, the rebels are unable to break through Shehakim's gate, but that was also part of the tactic.

The most important thing is to somehow transport the terminator Shirone to Arabot.

It was an intelligence operation to divert the enemy's attention to the outskirts and infiltrate only a small number of people into the enemy camp.

Shehakim, who first came to see them, was different from the Sharmain who were inhabited by his subjects.

Although the races of Nord, Mecca, and Kergo were mixed, the place they stayed was a standardized building called Paradise.

The white brick houses were different in size, but all were beautiful.

The people passing by were also wearing the sky-heaven clothes of those who abandoned their tribal characteristics and gained eternal life.

eternal life. Those who have escaped the fear of anecdotal alcohol.

Even though the war was in full swing in the outskirts, their lives had not yet shown a significant change.

"That's really great. Is it the confidence of an immortal?"

Flew looked at them with sympathetic eyes.

There was no fear in the way he chatted with the passers-by with a kind smile.

"First, get the clothes. It would be difficult to walk around in this outfit."

Since there were only two combat troops, they couldn't go all the way to Arabot while fighting.

It was best to somehow blend in with their crowd.

Shirone and Fleur infiltrated the nearest paradise.

A swimming pool was installed indoors, and inside the front glass, the whole family was enjoying tea time together.

Shirone went back to the back of the building and ran to the second floor.

Looking at the city from a high place, there were many fairies wandering around.

Since the war had already taken place, security had to be much strengthened than before.

Upon meeting Fleur's eyes, Shirone opened the window and went inside.

They found Shehakim's clothes in the closet and took them off immediately.

The door opened only after I changed my clothes and put the original clothes in the Kubrick.

"yes? Who are you?"

Syrone and Fleur watched the girl with a frozen look.

Even in the situation where the spirit zone was opened, I did not feel the presence.

"no way... ... Are you guys spies?"

Shirone slowly stepped back.

not human

It was clear that he had been caught in a trap from the start.

Flu put Phoenix in front and blocked the girl's approach.

It is already known that it is non-entity.

But the problem was that I couldn't find a way out.

Even though it's fake, it's a sense of reality that you can't feel that it's fake.

'Is it an ability caught in space?'

Fleur shouted.

"Get out of here!"

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

At the same time, the girl screamed and changed shape.

As the true impression disappeared and the evil witch's face with the lips torn grotesquely slashed at the two, Fleur activated the phoenix.

A bird of flame rose up and spewed out a terrifying fireball at the girl.

Fires were ignited in all directions, and the scenery shook like a haze.

At the distortion of the scenery beyond the limits of matter, Shirone activated the Diamond Armament.



Eating Out - Paradise.



The ability of Orga, the head of Shehakim's People's Administration Department.

It was a mental magic that brought about a terrible illusion to the target who entered the building by embodying Paradise as a spirit.

Shirone and Fleur headed for the window they came in from.

But outside the window was already empty darkness.

"I'm completely trapped!"

After a while, the door opened, and monsters with sparsely bald heads rushed in, as if they were infected with leprosy.

"Kuaaaaa!"

Shirone swung Armand's tentacles and cut them down in one blow.

The dismembered monsters were absorbed by Eater Kuzen's ability, which was converted back into energy, giving Shirone powerful physical abilities.

When I went out the door, monsters were rushing to the end of the stairs.

As the photon cannons rained down on them, their bodies caved in as if they had been hit by a hammer and they tumbled down the stairs.

Shirone jumped over the railing and came straight down alone.

Then Flew flew through the air and landed on the ledge on the other side.

The paintings on the ceiling materialized and attacked them.

As snakes, bats, gargoyles, and even unknown creatures rushed at them, an action unfolded in Paradise.

No monster was able to inflict even the slightest wound on Shirone.

Armand's tentacles grew faster and faster due to Kuzen's absorption, and at last they shook so much that they could not be seen.

Numerous monsters exploded like fireworks while only the sound of the gale roared through the hall.

'I don't get hit like this. But... ... .'

I can't find a way out at all.

If entering the building is the condition for triggering Eating Out, finding the door would be the closest solution to unlocking it.

"Seniors! the door... ... !"

Flew somersaulted in the air, striking monsters with his phoenix.

Landing next to Shirone, she looked around with a tired expression.

All the doors along the corridor opened with a rattling sound, and more ferocious and gigantic monsters rushed in.

"There is only one place where monsters don't appear."

Shirone also guessed.

Without time to speak any more, the two of them flew to the basement.

"Aaaaaang!"

The monsters blocking the view were torn to pieces by the tentacles.

Even Fleur, who fought together at the Rebel 2nd HQ, was at a loss in front of Shirone's mighty force.

However, there was nothing more fortunate than this to carry out the operation.

'you can do it! All I have to do is go as far as Arabot!'

As I entered the cellar, the door closed by itself and a torch on the wall lit up.

No more monsters came out, but I also knew that I would never go up to the ground again.

The two headed down the dark hallway to the end.

Upon entering the bright interior of the dressing room, a huge mirror awaited them.

However, what was reflected there was not the two of them, but a bewitching woman with black hair that hung down to her waist.



Eating out paradise.

-Mirroring: equal rights.



A woman smiling in the mirror stepped forward to them.

Shirone and Fleur raised their guard and slowly retreated.

"Be careful, Shirone. The complexity of eating out goes beyond human boundaries. She is an incredibly strong fairy."

Shirone had no room for disagreement.

Even a fairy specialized in the spirit would find it difficult to materialize a building in such detail.

'How did you do that?'

"welcome. My name is Orga, the ruler of Paradise. I was waiting for you guys."

Shirone did not answer.

I knew that this was also a situation where I was caught eating out of the regulation.

As expected, she spoke immediately.

"To get out of here, you have to make a bet with me and win."

Fleur asked.

"Which bet?"

"Equal Rights."

Orga raised her index finger with cold eyes.

"From now on, we will be making 'actionable offers' to each other. And that suggestion is to be followed. However, when you propose something, you must also carry it out. The one who fails to carry out the proposal loses."

Shirone's face became serious.

I still don't know exactly what the intention was, but I felt that it was dangerous enough.

Fleur asked.

"Who is carrying out the proposal? Are we two people?"

"Only one of the two has to do it. It is an equal right."

It was something that had no choice but to follow as long as the out-of-regulation was triggered.

Shirone and Fleur nodded in agreement, and Orga made the first suggestion.

"Take off your top."

Orga took off her coat first and threw it on the floor.

The conditions were met, and now it was either Syrone or Fleur's turn to take off their shirts.

'I'm thinking of disarming the Keumgang.'

I can't directly suggest releasing Armand.

This is because in the case of equal rights, a proposal must be possible for both parties, and to Orga without Armand, it becomes an 'unable to perform proposal'.

Flew thought he was fortunate to have assisted Shirone.

If Shirone had been mirrored by herself, she would have been completely disarmed.

"I will."

If you don't take it off, you lose.

Perhaps the result will be death.

Flu took off Shehakim's clothes and even took off his top. Then she made sure that Orga wasn't wearing her underpants, and she put them on.

It was the correct answer.

"like. Now it's your turn to make a proposal."

"I will do it."

Shirone came out.

As Marsha said, the rule of thumb when dealing with eating out is to figure out the rules first and then find a solution to them.

In that sense, there were facts to be confirmed.

When you inflict physical damage, does Orga actually get a shock?

If the woman in front of him was just an illusion, then only Shirone would take damage if he hurt himself.

'No, the possibility of that is small.'

The unusual rules of equal rights are based on the explicit principle of equal exchange.

If the ability is so strong that it does not inflict damage on itself, it will not be able to damage the opponent.

'A very clever fairy. Even with the principle of equivalent exchange, you can inflict damage on your opponent, and it is the ability to respond to numerous variables.'

So, there was something to look forward to.

'If this works... ... .'

Shirone stepped forward and made a suggestion.

"Break your left index finger."

Anyway, if you use Kenser's recovery ability, you will be attached within a few hours.

The key was her condition.

Orga still stared at Shirone without a change in expression.

There is no reason to follow an offer that the other party cannot carry out.

Shirone also grabbed her left index finger without averting her gaze.

When I clenched my teeth and applied force, the joint of my index finger bent outward.

It hurts, but you have to endure it.

It was at war now.

Orga slowly lowered her hand and grabbed her index finger.

Soon after, the sound of bones breaking was heard, and Shirone's eyes lit up.

He sensed that the mirror behind Orga was shaking for an instant.

'Physical damage works. That means... ... .'

As if not giving him time to think, Orga made a second suggestion.

"Take off your bottoms."

Shirone clicked her tongue at her persistent obsession to somehow disarm the Diamond River.

It was only natural that it was a powerful weapon enough to wipe out countless monsters in the Paradise Hall.

'Oh, I see!'

Upon discovering the beautiful ornaments on Orga's naked body, Shirone realized.

If this is the case, there is no choice but to disarm the Keumgang Armament in the end.

Flu, who had taken off his whole body, now had a Kubrick.

On the other hand, Orga remains with two pairs of earrings, a pair of necklaces, two rings and three bracelets.

In the end, if Flew even threw away the ring, there would be a lot of room for it to become 'unable to carry out the proposal' depending on the conditions.

No matter how abnormal the situation is, if the rule is to fit the rules, then in the end it was them who were cornered.

'There is no time. I have to win somehow in the next offer.'

If the Diamond Armament is released, it will be impossible to deal with the monsters of Paradise, and that is what Orga was aiming for.

Flew muttered as he began to take off his bottoms.

"Why is it always just me... ... ."

At the sound of her teasing, Shirone laughed out loud even in the midst of seriousness.

'I'm sorry, senior.'

In any case, Flew made the same decision, so he obediently accepted the offer.

And now it was time to put an end to it.

'you can do it. No, it's the only way.'

Shirone glared at Orga with a determined expression.

"My suggestion is... ... ."

=======================================
[466] Initiation of War (2)





Silence ensued for a while.

It may not be their last chance, but they knew that if it didn't work here, they would be the ones who would lose in the end.

Will it work?

Half of it was an attempt close to gambling.

Above all, the problem was that the place they were currently in was a space created by eating out.

How big is the gap between the Orga in front of you and the real Orga of the fairy?

Even the slightest indirect impact would make the operation a failure.

'It's an incredibly complex and delicate diet.'

A whole building was implemented, and a number of prescribed meals were installed in each room.

Is it really possible?

No human being can distort so many things.

If possible... ... .

'Stream of consciousness.'

Shirone recalled her experience with Drimo.

Only the space where you are standing right now materializes, and the other rooms only exist in a state of nothingness.

It was the same reason that when you think of your own house in your head, your thoughts flow as if you were actually moving rather than looking at the whole thing.

If that was the case, it was possible to include another meal out within the diet.

'It's also not easy, but... ... .'

Therefore, Orga's consciousness is now concentrated in this room.

This was the family that Shirone had established.

After organizing her thoughts, Shirone proposed to Orga.

"Don't look away from me for one minute."

It was a strange suggestion.

However, Orga did not have the right to change the opponent's offer.

"like. I will."

Shirone glared at Orga.

After this action, it is Orga's turn next.

The game will be decided there.

'Valhalla action.'

In a situation where you are caught eating out of the rules, actions outside of the rules are probably prohibited.

However, with Valhalla Action, it might be possible.

This is because the equivalent exchange of cause and effect accepts even the whole cause that an action is prohibited and converts it into an effect.

So what matters is the computation time.

Even though Ataraxia's accumulation time had fallen to less than 30 seconds, Shirone suggested 1 minute to give her a little extra time.

When Shirone carried out the suggestion, Orga looked at Shirone this time.

The meaning of looking is that Orga's mind is completely focused on Shirone.

visor!

The magic circle of Valhalla action was born above your head. The calculation was instantaneous.

'do!'

Exactly 57 seconds.

It was the time from mirroring to reaching the result of Ataraxia being integrated.

Before Orga could say anything with a surprised expression, cause and effect were reversed, and a colorful Ataraxia was born in front of her eyes.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Even Shehakim's fairy manager couldn't stand it in front of the archangel's magic circle, especially Ikael, who had the highest authority in heaven.

No, the shock was even greater because it was such a powerful fairy.

Light leaked out as cracks formed in Orga's body.

The phosphorus of light gradually increased in volume and was intensely oxidized while swallowing her.

Rumble!

As Paradise collapsed, the original scenery was finally revealed.

It was still Paradise, but all the plaster on the walls was shattered and fell to the floor.

Several intricate patterns painted with red paint were engraved on the fragments of plaster.

'The space was designed and controlled with the mind.'

Flew felt rather fortunate.

If the fairies acted out the regulations to the extent that even buildings could be realized with their spirits, there would be no chance for humans to win this war.

"Keugh!"

Orga moaned in pain as she lay her frail little body on the ground.

The sudden attack of Ataraxia was as shocking as being stabbed by a sword to a fairy specializing in the mind.

"Boss! Are you okay?"

Numerous fairies assisting Orga clung to it and shouted with worried expressions.

Then, he turned his head and glared at Shirone and the others with terrifying eyes.

"I am a spy for the rebels! Kill!"

As the fairies flew in, Fleur stood in front of Shirone.

I don't know how many seconds the cost of Valhalla's action is, but I have to fight myself until Shirone can move.

"Phoenix Pavilion!"

Flew, who flew the phoenix high, opened the Dawkins Algorithm and dealt with the fairies.

Shehakim's fairies belonged to the middle ranks among the 72 classes, so the pressure of fighting as a group against the professional wizards of the human world surged.

Flames vomited and the different concepts of the Elves shook Paradise.

'I can't last long!'

The limitation of the Dawkins Algorithm lies in the magician's physical abilities.

No matter how automatic the reaction is, if you are subjected to continuous fire like this, your body will not be able to get out of it.

'54 seconds.'

The collaboration between the supernatural power fairy and the unexpected fairy was the most difficult.

When the mighty force suppressed the fleur, the sudden fairy pierced the spear with a completely unexpected trajectory.

'55 seconds.'

Every time that happened, Flew's body twisted bizarrely, and his movable joints let out a scream.

"Kill! If only the interest is caught, the war will end!"

The firepower of the rebels is not something that even Heaven can take lightly, but if you capture Shirone, the light of Area 73, the morale of the enemy will crawl to the bottom.

The resourcefulness of Orga, who saw the battle outside Shehakim and understood the espionage strategy, was worthy of being called a fairy strategist.

'56 seconds.'

The roaring fairy fired sound waves, and the sound of hundreds of tons of steel bars being pushed out next to it disturbed Fleur's mind.

"Keugh!"

As the Dawkins Algorithm was broken, dozens of fairies rushed from all sides.

Exactly 57 seconds!

At the same time, Shirone kicked the floor and ran out.

The moment the mighty fairy grabbed Fleur's head and tried to explode it as if putting her palms together, something blurry passed by and instead her body exploded.

Then the fairies around them began to shatter.

Orga, who finally came to her senses, stared blankly at Shirone with her eyes hidden under heavy makeup.

The tentacles were swinging so fast that you couldn't even see them.

As for magic, fairies are inevitably vulnerable to attacks accompanied by physical force.

"Keugh!"

"Boss! You can't move already!"

"Support... ... Ask for support."

Meanwhile, Shirone was removing all the fairies she could see.

"That way!"

Before the fairy could call for help, the giants rushed in. The cove also included the Kergos who had gained eternal life.

They also belonged to the hunting team at one time, so their combat power was overwhelming even within their own kind.

"Shirone! Let's retreat for now!"

Since quietness, a prerequisite for infiltration, was broken, it was better to follow Fleur's words, but it is impossible to escape anyway.

He had already felt the Kergo tribe's tracking skills in heaven.

"Huh!"

Shirone opened her eyes and glared at the enemy camp.

Pupils were born outside the artificial brain, and Akamai's antithesis bound them.

"Great!"

Not only the giants but also the fairies trembled with a surprised expression at the tremendous binding force.

Although he is a fallen angel, the binding force that could immobilize Ikasa, the angelic phase, was not something that a mere giant could break.

With the addition of magical power amplification, a trait of Jinmai-sig-type Galtomic, a photon cannon several times larger than before was mounted in front of Shirone.

The photon cannons increased their numbers one by one as if using clone magic, and finally, 12 huge spheres of light emitted white light and shook.

"Now!"

Shirone fired all the photon cannons and turned around.

When the antithesis was released, the enemies finally moved, but the Photon Cannon, which had already left the demonstration, was right in front of them.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!

There was a roar and flashes of light in Area 12 of Shehakim.

Perhaps the enemy soldiers in the vicinity would flock, but if so, it was rather fortunate for Shirone and the others.

"hurry!"

Shirone and Fleur jumped over the buildings in Paradise and escaped.

"Follow me! Don't miss it!"

The Kergos who survived the explosion fled quickly.

A chase after chase was held for 30 minutes.

Scheme's athletic ability shone in the street battles, and Shirone and Fleur managed to escape their pursuit by setting the route as complicated as possible.

"Sigh! Sigh!"

The two sat side by side with their backs against the wall, breathing heavily.

Armand instantly stabilized breathing by increasing oxygen saturation, and in the meantime, the broken index finger was also completely healed.

'No matter how hard it is, treating a fracture in a matter of hours.'

It was thanks to the addition of Kenser's trait of infinite cell proliferation.

"Now what?"

"We must go, to Arabot."

"But I don't know where this is. I lost my direction. Besides... ... ."

The enemies already know that Shirone has infiltrated.

It was right to see that the difficulty of the mission had risen dozens of times from the beginning.

"For now, let's get some clothes again."

It was after being severely beaten by Orga's regular dining out, but it was impossible to walk around the streets with such an appearance.

"I found it, Shirone."

Shirone and Fleur's faces turned pale at the voice they heard from the sky.

At the same time as the voice reached, an object entered the radius of their spirit zone.

small creature. was a fairy

'I have to kill!'

Flew turned around, and Shirone swung her tentacle faster than him.

The fairy flinched at the sudden attack.

The reason Shirone was able to stop the tentacles was because Armand had raised his torso vision to the limit.

The sharp needles of the tentacles stopped right in front of the fairy's eyes.

The moment she saw the trembling fairy with her eyes tightly closed, Shirone took off her hood with a dazed expression.

"you you... ... ?"

Peope, the spiral fairy who helped Shirone until the end on the last trip to heaven, quietly opened her eyes.

"Hee!"

Seeing the needle in front of her eyes, Feope was frightened and backed away.

Then, with a red face, he shouted at Shirone.

"what! You are going to kill me!"

Shirone hurriedly retracted her tentacles.

Peope! More than anything else, only pleasure preceded it.

Because it was a battlefield, so it was even more lonely, so the moment I saw Peope's face, tears welled up.

As Shirone approached as if to embrace her, Peope hurriedly held out her hand and trembled.

"What, what? Why are you like this all of a sudden?"

"What happened? How did you know I was here? No, is this okay?"

The sober reason of the magician clearly assumed that Feope might be an enemy.

However, Shirone put that cold thought aside for the time being.

If the assumptions are true, it would be unbearable at any cost.

Peope looked at Shirone with friendly eyes and smiled calmly.

It wasn't long before they left, but her expression showed an intellectual composure.

"Welcome, Shirone. I miss you."

Feope grabbed Syrone's cheek and kissed her on the forehead.

When the warmth of the warm lips was transmitted, the voice she heard earlier flowed faintly into Shirone's head.

I love you.

Even if it was the confession of an immature fairy whose concept had not yet been differentiated in detail, her sincerity was clearly conveyed.

'Peope. It's Peopero.'

Shirone raised her hands and placed Feope on her palm.

Even if everyone tries to harm her, not as much as her. It was the realm of faith, not the realm of reason.

"Peope."

"yes?"

"I have to fight Heaven."

Feope blinked and waited for the words to follow.

"Can you take me, or us, to Arabot?"

Nothing else was said.

It was because he knew that this was the question he would eventually reach in any conversation, and that the answer he needed to hear would soon come from Peope.

Feope thought for a long time, but she never avoided Shirone's gaze.

As if she had given up on something, her eyes were filled with sadness, while the corners of her mouth moved slightly upward as if a new fluttering feeling was seeping in.

With such a face, Peope nodded towards Shirone.

"yes. I'll take you."

=======================================
[467] Initiation of War (3)





Seventh Thousand Araboth.

In the outskirts of Heaven, the war between the army of Heaven and the rebels is in full swing, but Arabot, located in the center of the concentric circles, is still calm.

Under the spire, where neither gunfire nor screams could reach, Ikael stood watching the smoke rising far away.

There was no emotion in her eyes. Only the will to carry out the will of Anchera was dry and dry.

As the stinging aura approached Ikael, the asteroid reflexively expanded into a halo.

Chee Hee Hee!

The fact that the halo is rotating at the highest speed in history means that the speed of thought is also at its peak.

There are only a handful of people in heaven who can make the archangel Ikael so nervous.

"What are you protecting?"

A handsome man with an androgynous appearance walked to the left of Ikael.

It was Rayel, the archangel of light.

"Or are you waiting for someone?"

Archangel Metatron appeared on the right, although he was short in stature, but his shoulders were twice as tall as the other angels.

Then, Methiel and Satiel, the archangels of union and disintegration, appeared in front.

"After all, there is a war. Even with humiliating aggression. I'm disappointed, Ikael."

Ikael, surrounded by four archangels with the Spire of Araboth behind his back, still looked cold.

As she looked away for a moment, only one thing came to her mind.

'Paiel is not moving.'

The archangel of extinction, Faiel.

The four archangels gathered here are also powerful enemies dealing with the concept of the source, but Faiel's existence was special to Ikael.

In terms of force, if the archangel of destruction, Uriel, was on par with him, Faiel was the natural enemy of the concept of amplification.

Of course, it was the same from Fael's point of view.

It seemed that they chose to watch Dongtae for a while in a situation where they were uncomfortable with each other.

'If it's fortunate, is it fortunate?'

"Hey, Ikael."

Metatron approached, shaking his head.

"I know what you're thinking. But isn't that too neglectful? No matter how much you are, you won't be able to deal with all four of us."

"Why did you recoil? Is it a rejection of Ankera?"

As Rayel took a step, blue electricity shook from his body.

A being whose source is light, not magic.

Even Ikael couldn't be safe if he was attacked properly.

'Mara is not calling. It must have already been put into the battlefield.'

said Leil.

"Our thoughts on Ankera are firm. But not you."

Satiel has arrived.

"Is Archangel Ikael a thing of the past now? The shame of being swayed by a mediocre human is a serious crime far greater than that of a fallen angel. It must have been something you brought upon yourself."

For the first time, life was in Ikael's eyes.

"The cheeky ones."

Enraged by the provocation, Metatron activated Halo.

It felt as if even the scenery was bending toward him as the formidable gravitational field unfolded.

"I must have been in the archangel for too long. Even though they are the first angels, there is no superiority or inferiority among archangels. Let's settle it here."

The moment Metatron finished speaking, the four archangels activated their abilities at the same time.

Electromagnetism, gravity, weak force, strong force.

The four major forces that make up the universe were exerted at the same time, crushing Ikael.

thud! thud! thud! thud!

Four shock sounds that exploded simultaneously.

The moment the archangels disappeared, Ikael's nose wrinkled.

A large ataraxia soared into the sky like a pillar of light as the halo stretched dozens of meters in diameter.

As the ignorant power amplified, it swept Arabot.

Flash!

All in Heaven could see a great surge of energy surging up the spire.



* * *



Heaven's Fifth Thousand Matei.

In the giant city where everything is bigger than human standards, the headquarters of the rebel command were fighting fiercely.

Mecha technology was specialized for giants, and 2,000 units, a quarter of the total, were used in the main equipment, Kuroi.

"Corsair! Advance!"

Commander Crude boarded the Titan and fired thermal flash cannons in all directions to encourage the crew.

Correspondingly, the Kuroi pilots also unleashed a relentless firepower demonstration at the attacking giant.

In just two hours after the start of the war, they advanced a whopping 2 kilometers.

However, as they entered the interior, the counterattacks of the enemies became stronger, and the abilities of the giants that appeared were increasing exponentially.

"Damn it!"

The two kilometers they had advanced had now turned into just two kilometers.

The Kuroi unit was helplessly pushed back by the attack of the mighty giant corps, whose level of Ilhwa went beyond the 3rd level.

The bullet did not penetrate the muscle, and it was a situation where he did not have a high advantage in physical strength.

"Yaaaaa!"

Kanya fixed Kuroi's gun barrel forward and fired bullets like mad.

When the war began, reason was volatilized, and the face of his mother, who had died due to the loss of his father and the loss of his life span due to Ilhwa's alcohol, came to mind.

"sister! calm down!"

Lena shouted, wearing the infantry equipment Piper.

Meanwhile, her hand was pulling on the handle of the arc.

The moment the explosive bullets ricocheted out, a giant in armor appeared in front of her.

It was Orsimo, the commander of the 1st Battalion of the Giant Corps.

"Oohhh!"

pop!

After blocking the bomb with his shoulder armor, he swung a huge greatsword.

The sword attack with the power of the schema exceeded the mechanical power of the mecha, and Lena could not even react to the speed.

"Lena!"

Kanya turned to her sister's crisis reflected in the multi-vision.

However, Kuroi's reaction speed couldn't keep up with her urgency.

why did i forget? That there are still people left to protect.

'dummy!'

Tears welled up and regret flooded in.

Then, someone blocked Orsimo's sword with a kang sound.

"Keugh!"

Orsimo's strong impression was crumpled like a beast.

As the battalion commander of the Heaven Guards, he has a keen knowledge of Mecha technology.

However, it was the first time in his life that he had seen the type of equipment that was blocking his way.

"Bar, Babel?"

Lena lifted her head as she collapsed from exhaustion.

Babel's back reflected in the sun reflected the dark light.

By the Syrone Algorithm, Babel is supposed to save Kanya and Lena first.

In other words, it means that Kanya and Lena's dynamics are being watched under any circumstances.

Sensing the crisis of the sisters, Babel ran away from the battlefield as soon as he eliminated the enemy he was fighting.

"Does such an insignificant machine try to deal with a giant!"

Orsimo grabbed the greatsword with both hands and swung it with tremendous force.

However, with the strength of a battalion commander, he couldn't even injure Babel.

Orsimo's eyes widened in shock as the greatsword jammed in her arm with a clear metallic sound.

I could clearly feel how hard the barbell was made of metal just by the trembling through my hands.



-Target elimination.



Babel, who flicked his sword and flew up, separated Orsimo's neck with a light swing of his sword.

As she landed on the floor with a nimble motion, Lena, who had been watching blankly, unknowingly spat out.

"Thank you."

Machines can't have feelings, but she was human and her gratitude for the lifesaver was sincere.

Seeing that, Kanya bit her lip.

As if the blood vessels in the heart were tangled, the pain of complexly twisted emotions was transmitted through the nerves.

Babel is the enemy who killed his father.

But this time, he saved his younger sister whom he loved more than anyone else.

So it was confusing.

How should he accept the metal angel in front of him?

Chiing!

Kanya pointed the barrel of Kuroi at Babel.

Even now, the image of my father, whose body had been pierced, was good in my eyes. The more he did, the more he felt that Babel's appearance was evil.

'sister... ... .'

Babel turned and looked at Kanya expressionlessly.

It was an obvious intention to attack when aiming the barrel.

However, the counterattack against Kanya was not registered in her algorithm.

Chunk!

Eventually, Kuroi's barrel fell again.

Kanya shouted at Lena as if to vent her confused emotions.

"From now on, don't leave my side!"

Leaving those words behind, Kanya moved on again.

Thanks to the thought of protecting Lena, my head went cold, but the core of my emotions still remained.

Little by little, the path was opening beyond the bodies of the giants.



* * *



Second thousand Rakia.

Except for Shirone and Fleur, Gaold and the others looked at the pillar of light that soared over Arabot.

It meant that there was an unknown variable because it was impossible for the rebels to have reached Arabot yet.

said Armin.

"It is a powerful energy that humans cannot generate. Perhaps an archangel."

Zulu said.

"If enmity has arisen between the archangels, it is an opportunity for us. I have to go now."

Gaold had no room for disagreement.

No, even if all the archangels gathered and stood in the way, he intended to wipe them all out and move on.

Sein said.

"Don't leave. Once the operation begins, there is no need to improvise or assist each other. We only do our best to succeed in our respective missions."

After infiltrating Shirone through an infiltration operation, the rest of the party commits to rescuing Miro.

Since the maze would be in the deepest part of Rakia anyway, once the maze was rescued, it was possible to enter Jebul through Arabot.

Kang Nan said.

"Even if we change the coordinates of the Akashic Records in Jebul, there is no way for us to return. The space-time of the labyrinth is already broken."

"I have no choice but to trust them."

Gaold recalled Frankwine, the leader of the Night Alliance.

There will be no way out of heaven except to bring what he has presented in time.

But Gaold didn't care.

The immediate priority was to save the maze.

"Runs on full power. If I fail, I will throw it away."

Gaold threw himself as soon as he finished speaking.

Following him as he flew at great speed, everyone chased after him, demonstrating their talents.

At the entrance of Rakia, countless fallen angels and fire giants were waiting for them with ferocious eyes.

'Miro... ... .'

Gaold rather increased his speed.

Finally, finally, we've come this far.

The gears of the stopped time, unable to narrow the fucking 20 meters, were starting to tick tock again.

The remaining distance to the maze is 42.7 kilometers.

"Stop! Don't ever let me approach you!"

The fire giants raised huge balls of fire.

Waves of fire rolled over the heads of giants lined up hundreds of meters long.

"launch!"

It was a tsunami of heat.

Gaold's eyes sparkled brilliantly as they were exposed to the tidal wave of sparks that set the world on fire.

I don't have to be patient anymore.

Because there's a maze out there.

"Great!"

Blood vessels and nerves ran through Gaold's crumpled face like a demon.



Pain 5 million times.



Aaaaaaaaaaaa!

An unprecedented shock.

The tidal wave of fire quickly dissipated in the atmospheric pressure that crushed the whole world.

At the same time, the fallen angels from the left and right fluttered their wings of light and flew in.

When Armin cast the stop magic, dozens of angels stopped at the same time.



Cheolryunan - Equalizing.



Sein's eyes rotated rapidly to control the environment.

Raising the atmospheric pressure wouldn't be very helpful from a tactical point of view, but it was only equalizing to increase Gaold's fighting power.

"Advance!"

The fire giants charged towards Gaold.

The line, which had been neat like a horizontal line, began to distort according to each person's emotions, and then all of them attacked Gaold.

The remaining distance to the maze, 40.3 kilometers.

=======================================
[468] Like that again (1)





Second thousand Rakia.

On top of the Hall of Corruption, Kariel, Uriel, and Surtur, the leader of the fire giants, stood side by side.

Since it was not designed for war, the inner wall was higher than the outer wall, and the endless plains could be seen at a glance beyond the outer wall.

A huge drawbridge was built over the huge river that crossed the plain, one kilometer wide and four kilometers long.

Gaold's party will probably enter one of the seven sins.

The end of the seven roads was exactly 10 kilometers from here.

But in a way, it was a pointless calculation.

No one here thought that Gaold would show up here.

"It is still peaceful. Well, it must be natural. What about the distribution of troops?"

When Kariel turned his head to ask, Surt immediately got down on one knee and answered.

"We gathered 10 percent of our troops on the Plain of Tongtan outside Rakia, 20 percent on the capital, 30 percent on the Kespa Mountains, and the remaining 40 percent on the drawbridge. Even if you cross the Kespa Mountains, the drawbridge will never be pierced."

"You say so."

Kariel looked down at the maze kneeling at the end of the castle wall.

With her hands bound with henna-engraved handcuffs, her face looking at the river was as calm as the flowing water.

A leash was tied around his neck, and at the end of the long chain, Arius was on his knees, his eyes closed as if exhausted.

"How does it feel to be treated like a pet dog?"

Miro didn't answer.

Even the relationship between master and servant has no meaning because he does not throw his heart anywhere.

Her eyes were on Gaold, who was coming from afar.

The space-time of the labyrinth disappeared and the war with Heaven eventually broke out.

If Heaven wins, the next thing that will happen is the destruction of mankind.

'Don't come, Gaold.'

Gaold must not come here.

Currently, only Kariel and his remnants who denied Ra's will remain in Lakia.

Gaold's fighting prowess must be used to win the war, not to save himself.

'Do not come. Think soberly. Go to Jebul right now. Destroy the Akashic Records.'

Kariel was only looking at Miro's back, but he smiled as if he guessed her feelings even without looking.

"What if it came all the way here?"

Currently, Kariel's power is exhausted to a large extent by suppressing Miro's ability.

Even Brahma was temporarily destroyed by Miro, so Uriel was to protect him.

"Come out, Shiva."

When Uriel enforced the law of his family, a black sphere was born in front of his eyes, and a triangular Mara appeared.

It was a man with fangs sticking out of his lips on a bluish body, and wearing numerous swords around his thin waist like a tiger.

In the human world, Shiva is called the god of destruction.

Even Surt, the best swordsman in Purgatory, swallowed his saliva at his appearance.

"Shiva, you are called by the Archangel."

"Guard the outer gate. No one should approach it."

Shiva's eyes flashed and immediately kicked off the ground and flew up.

Kariel smiled with satisfaction as she drew a parabola with one leap and moved away from the outer castle gate.

"Everything is ready. This is where the festival begins."

Whether it would be first for Gaold to come this far or for Heaven to win first, I still can't guess, but either way wasn't bad for Kariel.



* * *



'little bit more... ... .'

As the giants destroyed the fire barrier made by their bodies, Gaold increased his speed even more.

All kinds of fallen angels attacked the party from all sides, and their subordinates followed.

The party of eight, including Gaold, was like an arrow that pierced through everything.

Etela and Zulu guarded the rear, Armin ran side by side in the center, and Quan and Shiina ran side by side on the left and right.

In the future, Kang Nan and Sein followed side by side, and Gaold was advancing alone at a distance twice as far as the group's distance.

'Go, Gaold.'

Zulu cheered Gaold with all her heart.

A puddle of emotions that has not been circulated for 20 years.

However, it was densely compressed into pure anger that did not contain any impurities.

The space and time that I was able to reach because I had only hoped for one thing.

'Put it all out, Gaold. You deserve it.'

"Great!"

Gaold clenched his fists and released his powers.



Pain 2 million times.



"Aaaaaaa!"

Tremendous pain drove Gaold's mind to Hell.

Great heat hell unfolded, and the hungry demons ran amok.

As the demons of hell screamed and crossed the sky as if to embody Gaold's pain, even the fire giants couldn't stand the heat and were scorched by the fire.

When the plains were over, Jiangnan looked behind him and said,

"We will enter the city soon."

The capital of Rakia was splendidly laid out on the vast land.

The gates of the city opened and numerous giants came out.

They were giants of a different level than those he had dealt with so far.

But more serious than that was the fact that the number of fallen angels was increasing.

Armin's stop magic and Zulu's various summons are quickly coping with their abilities, but the ability of the fallen angels is bizarre and powerful enough to be a miracle that they have endured so far.

"side!"

At the same time as Kang Nan shouted, fireballs flew towards Shiina.

The huge flame soon turned into a giant and drove Shiina away.

As Shiina spreads powerful cold air around her, an ice barrier surrounds her with sharp thorns.

Wow!

The giant's fist broke through the thick ice barrier and came in.

Even a fire giant who is incompatible with cold is still a giant.

The power of the schema used by the upper giants was not comparable to the schema exerted by the human body.

"Shina!"

Armin, who was running in the center, jumped towards Shiina.

Currently, he has tied 20 fallen angels with stop magic, so there are not many timelines he can use, but nothing is more important to him than Shiina's comfort.

When Shiina was taken out by casting flicker magic, more fireballs arrived one after another.

The two were cornered in a situation where no one could help because they were almost buried by the enemy.

Armin's collar was scorched whenever the blades of flame wielded by the giants were drawn intricately like a net.

"Keugh!"

At the same time as the blade passed in front of the blindfold, another giant came in with a greatsword.

Shiina cast freezing magic, but the giant threw herself and held out her sword to the end with the determination to return home.

Kang!

At the same time as hearing a sharp metallic sound, the giant's trajectory was pushed aside as if flowing.

Quan, who was running on the other side, appeared before I knew it, deflected the giant's sword, and pierced through the enemy.

"It's dangerous!"

As if not hearing Shiina's words, Quan spread outward gravity in all directions.

Every time he swung his sword freely in space, the giant's body began to disintegrate into pieces.

Even in the midst of an emergency, Shiina and Armin calmly watched for a while.

"Uh, how?"

Skills that are much more advanced than when they first came to heaven.

Armin could guess the achievements made in a short moment.

'It's not reinforcement. It is enlightenment.'

It didn't really increase the speed or power, but the lubrication of the movement was beyond imagination.

A genius movement that completely shattered human thinking, to the point that even Shiina could not read its trajectory and missed its appearance.

'Not yet.'

Quan cut to his heart's content.

The transcendental trajectory that could be obtained by ignoring death flowed only through the blind spots of the giants, who seemed impossible, and the giants lost their lives without knowing what they were fighting as if they were fighting invisible ghosts.

'My grave... ... .'

Quan took flight, feeling both extreme joy and equal sadness.

'It's not like this!'

Kwak Kwah Kwah Kwah!

As the centrifugal force was added to the centrifugal force, the sword wind began to blow.

A sharp flash that even blew away the giant's flames brought Shiina's troops to the brink of destruction.

As if he didn't like it, Sein turned around and shouted.

"Hold your position!"

Apparently, when he first started charging, he told him not to care about other people's safety, but he didn't like Quan's decision to ignore his position and cross over to the other side.

Quan heard Sein's voice, but instead smiled faintly.

The external gravitational force that protruded in sixteen directions came in like a bend and made his body rotate faster.

Riding on the rotational force and kicking off the ground, the body began to fly back to its original position at terrifying speed.

In the landscape where the entire world overlapped like a panorama, Quan could clearly see Shiina's face in Armin's arms.

Perhaps she will never be able to forget Armin after all.

'That's why I can die.'

Because he can't win Shiina's heart, and he can't express his feelings, he can die happily.

childish coming. Or the jealousy of a more childish man.

It didn't matter anyway.

'for you... ... .'

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa!

As it turned with tremendous acceleration, even the landscape was enveloped in black darkness.

Dozens of waterspouts rose around Quan, who returned to his position.

"Kuaaaaa!"

The 12-meter-tall giant fell down as if going down the stairs.

The giant's ankles were cut, his knees were cut, his calves were cut, and his waist, chest, and neck were cut off again.

Everything was being swept away by the gust of Quan spinning in a sitting position.

'Sheesh! I can't say anything.'

Sain, who had confirmed that far, looked straight ahead again.

Before I knew it, the main gate of the capital was approaching right in front of me.

Kang Nan sped up even more and caught up with Gaold.

'The president of the association.'

Kang Nan stared intently at the back of Gaold, who had been running for 20 years, staring at Miro's back.

'Once upon a time... ... . Since I came this far, at least once... ... .'

Could I run alongside him?

Now there will be no chance to run with your back again.

Aaaaaaaang!

Before he could stop thinking about the river, the wall in front of him flew inward.

Then, all the walls within the visible range began to collapse behind them.

'You're crazy. It's already beyond the human realm.'

Now, it was impossible to guess how far Gaold's pain threshold was.

And as the distance narrows, the phenomenon will intensify.

'how... ... How sick are you?'

Kang Nan finally caught up with Gaold.

"Chairman, now... ... ."

However, Kang Nan, who looked back at Gaold's face, was unable to say anything.

"Black! Whoops!"

Crying.

Neither the demon nor the face of the madman could be found now.

A truly pure emotion.

Finally, finally, it came.

It was a catharsis in which all the resentment I had endured for 20 years was vomited out.

"Uhhh! Whoops!"

Gaold gritted his teeth and ran.

Tears flowed from her eyes and left her body, reaching Kang Nan.

'Yes.'

Kang Nan slowly slowed down and bit his lip.

Gaold's back came into her eyes as she smiled bitterly.

'Go, Gaold.'

"Aaaaaaaaaaa!"

Gaold vomited the resentment in his heart that he had never been able to get out.

Buildings collapsed in an instant as if God had stepped on them, and all the giants that rushed at them turned into a handful of flames and were buried on the ground.

The remaining distance to the maze, 19.4 kilometers.

=======================================
[469] Like that again (2)





Gaold opened his eyes.

Dust was floating in the sunlight filtering through the windows.

A new morning has come again.

A new morning every day.

Gaold got out of bed and washed himself.

The dwarf body reflected in the mirror was smooth and without a single scar.

It's not a particularly nice body by human standards, but he liked it. What does the muscle of a living thing matter to those who believe in God?

'god? I believe in God?'

Suddenly, a question crossed my mind.

Come to think of it... ... Why are there no wounds?

"what?"

Gaold tilted his head and splashed water on his body.

Thoughts didn't stay in one place, they just flowed away, and before he knew it, he was changing clothes, welcoming a refreshing morning.

When I suddenly realized that only one thought was not flowing, the door opened and the maze entered.

"Hey! What if I'm still sleeping! Today is PvP evaluation day!"

Gaold hurriedly turned away and hid his skin.

"It's a surprise! This is the men's quarters!"

Miro looked at Gaold, who blushed and fastened the button, in dismay.

"The man pretended. While you've already seen everything."

"yes? Will you see?"

"Why are you suddenly like that? We were together last night."

Gaold blinked.

'Is that so?'

I couldn't remember at all.

Come to think of it, it was as if I couldn't remember anything.

Miro put her hand on her waist, sighed, and shook her head helplessly.

"It's to the extent of my admiration, to think that I'm dating such a pure-bred... ... ."

After saying that, Miro laughed mischievously again and ran towards Gaold.

"Hey, wait!"

Before Gaold could speak, she kissed him and collapsed onto the bed, hugging him.

The moment they buried themselves in bed, Gaold heard a beautiful song.

Miro's breath tickled his throat, and her hands moved into his half-filled shirt and caressed his skin.

Miro's small voice settled in my ears.

"hour... ... I have about 10 minutes left."

I heard my heart pounding.

It was the shock of the first beating of a heart that had stopped for a moment.

'sick.'

It wasn't until my senses returned that I realized that I hadn't felt any sensations until now.

'sick.'

My nerves became sensitive, and the fact that I was alive sent a painful pain through my body.

"Big!"

All he could feel was the pain, Gaold gritted his teeth.

Suddenly, the maze was nowhere to be seen.

A thin, delicate black smoke billowed from the chest she caressed.



- I just wanted to be happy.



"Huhhhh!"

A cry escaped from between my clenched teeth.



-No power, no honor, no material things, just a little happiness that anyone could enjoy, that one thing.



"Great!"

As my heart beat faster, more black smoke rose and filled the ceiling.

mind.

The heart of Gaold, who had denied the whole world, looked down with grotesque eyes and grotesquely twisted corners of his mouth.



- The only thing you ever wanted! The world took that away too! There's nothing left for you! There she is! She has a maze!



"Huh!"

Gaold's eyes, which had been revealing whites, returned to normal.

In the midst of the pain of 2 million times the pain, the consciousness that had been cut off for a while returned to reality, and the non-existent delusion sank into a black heart and began to spin like crazy as fuel to burn again.

"Aaaaaaa!"

What came into Gaold's eyes were neither giants nor fallen angels, but blood and flesh and all sorts of shattering scenes.

Even when he was unconscious, he fought.

Since it has become a creature only to move forward, nothing can change its current inertia.

"Stop! If this place is pierced, it will be dangerous!"

Giants who had received a special order ignored the others and flocked only to Gaold.

Hundreds of giants gathered at the apex of the triangle, and the moment they hit the garold, the bizarre geometric shapes spread out.



Pain 4 million times.



"Quaaaaaa!"

Feeling the transcendental pain, Gaold pressed on.

In a situation where neither the enemy nor the ally could be identified, there was nothing that could stand on the ground.

As if drowned in a bucket of pain, the pain gnawed through the body and penetrated the brain, delivering a burning discomfort.

'does not it hurt! I can hold on!'

Gaold repeated only one thought.

Like pain, it's just pain.

No matter how painful it is, it is just a signal from the brain.

Compared to 'Can't Meet the Maze'... ... .

"Nothing!"

All the enemies filled in 100 meters in front were crushed down as if they were covered in an invisible roll.

The blood that had turned into dust rose like a mist and filled the air.

The exit of the capital was visible in the distance. it's over half

"Goes! sooner!"

Gaold shouted as he held on to his consciousness of flying again.

It was already half white.

"Huh! Seed... ... !"

Kang Nan gritted his teeth and suppressed the moaning sound of sobbing.

'It must be painful. No, it shouldn't be so painful.'

If you keep going like this, Gaold will be ruined.

Like that time, no, this time, you may not be able to get out forever.

"Wait! Maintenance here... ... !"

"Don't dry the garold."

Se-in followed Gang-nan.

"Don't dry it? If we go any further, it's really over."

"I know. But if it stops, it ends there."

"What is that... ... ."

Sein glared at the back of Gaold, who was quickly moving away.

"The stride is getting out of whack. It must be that the mind wanders. That child is also feeling the limit. If the current inertia breaks even once... ... ."

Sein gritted it.

"It will never happen again."

"... ... ."

When they finally left the capital of Rakia, they could see roads stretching from all directions.

A road that symbolizes the seven sins.

Without thinking, Gaold took the path in front of him.

It was the 'Way of Desire'.



* * *



"Sir Surt! Currently, the enemy forces have left the capital and entered the Path of Desire!"

Not only Surtur but also Kariel and Uriel turned their heads at the messenger's report.

Only Miro was staring terrifyingly into the yet unseen.

"Have you already breached the capital? That makes sense!"

Surt burst into anger.

Because he was aiming for the heavenly lottery, his voice was filled with anger at receiving a disgraceful report in front of Kariel's eyes.

The strongest troops, including fire giants, fallen angels, and even Mara, are blocking Gaold's party.

By the way, have you already broken through the capital?

said Uriel.

"It's bizarre, in my opinion. Isn't that an impossible speed without intentionally opening the way?"

So was Surt's thought.

It was said that the road was opened, or that the enemy crushed the allies at the same speed.

But his pride denied both assumptions.

"There is absolutely no such thing. My men are mighty, warriors who are not afraid to lose their lives!"

"Anyway, I'll be there soon. What are you going to do, Kariel?"

Kariel was still relaxed.

Even though they are lowly people, they are the ones who came to save the world's labyrinth. I had expected from the start that it would not go smoothly.

"Respond to the call, Tiara."

A brilliant light flashed in the air where Kariel was standing, and a beautiful and noble fairy was born.

Among the 72 classes of fairies, Tiara belonged to the 2nd class, the ruling fairy.

"Did you call, Archangel?"

"I am asking the government for support. You know the situation."

Tiara looked back at the Seven Sins beyond the drawbridge with cold eyes.

"I'm guessing roughly."

"Stop it. To come this fast means that they have exhausted their lives. But if hope is destroyed, the creature that cannot move is also a human being."

"... ... All right."

Tiara flew to the path of desire without a sound.

As the commander of the Interior Ministry, things get complicated when humans rescue Maze.

Miro crushed his teeth.

On the other side of the road of desire, a majestic noise was looming faintly.

Talking about not long now.

So, now was the only opportunity to change my mind.

'Don't come, Gaold. you have to go to jebul If we don't fix the coordinates in Ingris, we can't stop the final war.'

It was not a situation where he would come to save himself, who had just lost his power.

'Sain, at least you can stop Gaold. you know This is crazy.'

"They are coming!"

The giant on the wall shouted.

No one thought that they would be defeated, but the giants who heard the report must have felt chills without even realizing it.

"You said you came already?"

Everyone's eyes were focused on the path of desire that stretched across the plain.

It still looked like a dot, but that one dot was approaching, crushing a large army.

"little bit more! Just a little further!"

Sein looked back and encouraged the party.

No matter how strong his reasoning was, he couldn't hide his excitement at this moment.

I really didn't know it would come this far.

'That idiot in the world... ... .'

Things that no one thought of and believed to be impossible are unfolding right in front of their eyes.

'All you have to do is go to the drawbridge! From there... ... .'



rate of dominance.



Whoops!

At that moment, a tremendous mental ability overwhelmed everyone.

"Keugh!"

Sein looked up at the sky.

The fairy flapped her wings of light and looked down.

said Armin.

"It is too high. Stop magic is impossible."

too high?

And yet, how huge does it mean that a figure comes within visual distance?

'Scale magic... ... .'

Sein bit his lip until it bleed.

Since fairies have their limits, it won't open an infinite dimension like Gong-kyeong.

However, magic that uses the relativity of the scale itself is possible with the spirit of a fairy, and the current anti-magic is not comparable to what Gaold suffered at Alpheas Magic School 20 years ago.

"Big!"

Sein tried to destroy the spirit world magic by turning the Iron Wheel.

However, as time went on, Tiara's dominance grew stronger, and eventually everyone was crushed to the ground.

"The president of the association... ... !"

The face of Kang Nan, who clung to the floor and raised his head, was shocked.

Even Gaold, whom he believed in, knelt down and trembled.

It wasn't just the body that was under the rule of rule of the tiara.

The moment the inertia disappeared, his black heart was also crushed without a trace.

Inertia is gone.

'This far... ... .'

Sein couldn't overcome his resentment and grabbed the soil on the floor.

The distance I was able to reach because I poured everything in, because I ran without even thinking about stopping.

But it was only up to the path of desire.

"It's over."

Kariel raised one corner of her mouth and said.

Everyone was stranded at exactly the point where the path of desire ended.

"It would be pretty miserable. How about pretending to be sad at times like this?"

Miro still had no answer.

thud.

Then the ground rumbled in the distance.

thud.

Kariel's gaze turned to Gaold at the regular shaking.

Then, without saying anything, he slowly opened his mouth.

"Big!"

Gaold did his best to lift himself up.

Since the mind is insubstantial, there are no limits, and the tiny smoke bypassed all controls and sprouted again.

The shoot grew into a thick stem and branched out into many branches, providing great fuel for Gaold's mind.

thud!

Due to the nature of magic that subdues the target with a scale, the Tiara of the Sky was decreasing in size whenever Gaold moved.

"Huhhhh!"

Gaold frowned arrogantly and energized himself.

It still looks just black, but there is a labyrinth on the wall in the distance.

"Goes."

The moment Gaold struggled to take a step, Sein eventually burst into tears.

'yes. You're leaving, Gaold.'

There is a maze over there.

'I can see the labyrinth now, even with my own eyes.'

As T-ara's dominance weakened, Sein also managed to stand up.

'To be honest, Gaold, what you are doing is not love or anything. But that's why I'm counting on you.'

Rather ugly love because it is so pure.

'If it's an equivalent exchange between pain and desire, then you are fully qualified to desire. no one can blame you So go.'

Sein's iron eyes rotated at terrifying speed, realizing two gigantic halos in reality.



Cheolryunan - Equilibrium.



Kaka Kaka Kaka!

The tiara of the sky screamed as the rule of rule grinds to the gears.

Sein, who destroyed the magic with all his might, shouted at Gaold.

"Gaaaaaaaaa!"

Quaang!

Gaold's body started moving forward again like an arrow.

A huge heart surged from his chest and wrapped around him.



- I am your heart, your desire. Go, Gaold!



"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Gaold lunged forward screaming like a demon.

Every nerve twitched, tears of blood flowed from his eyes, and his tongue, red with blood, descended to his chin.

The remaining distance to the maze, 10 kilometers.

"Sir Surt! You have escaped the path of desire! We will be entering the drawbridge soon!"

"I know! Prepare for the advance of the entire army!"

All of Surt's elite troops went down the gate to block the drawbridge.

Miro slowly stood up, looking at Gaold, whose true nature was revealed little by little.

'really... ... Are you coming?'

throbbing.

Cold sweat ran down Miro's forehead as he listened to his own heartbeat.

=======================================
[470] Like that again (3)





The Halls of Corruption entered Gaold's eyes.

The moment he saw the maze standing on the wall, his heart turned into a bigger black smoke and covered the world.

"Come in! Block the entrance!"

Fire giant elite soldiers blocked the drawbridge entrance.

The average height reached a whopping 7 meters, and there were hundreds of people wearing heavy armor.

The legs trembled as the giants rushed in a row and struck down their huge swords.

Gaold took to the sky and applied a powerful air press.

cooong!

The power of the air press exerted by the magician with 2 million times the pain was a power experienced for the first time even by giants boasting the strongest combat power.

"Aww!"

But the giants held out.

This was possible because Ilhwa's transcendent physical ability of 5 or more levels, as many as 5 levels of overlapping schemas, and excellent technical skills to fold and cross over were the basis.

'Is this really from now on?'

Sein, who came belatedly running after defeating Tiara, felt a sense of crisis at the situation where Gaold's power had collapsed for the first time.

Miro, who was watching from the far wall, also knew that the situation was hopeless.

Literally the strongest unit in Purgatory.

'There's no chance of winning at this rate.'

It wasn't just the warriors who attacked Gaold.

Like the fire giants who use their own magic, various fire techniques flew over the bridge.

"Goaaaaa!"

Gaold entered the group of giants and ran through the battlefield.

As the air gun vomited in all directions, a hole punched through the giant's armor.

The air hardened like a solid due to the extreme atmospheric pressure was no longer something that could be called a bullet.

The sharp air, like a spear several meters long, pierced and pierced the giant's body as it spread in all directions.

"catch! With one blow, we can win!"

No matter how powerful Gaold is, he is basically a wizard.

If the giant's attack worked even once, it would be an instant to fall into a state of inability to fight.

However, Gaold's true face was from now on.

The title of the strongest battle mage in the kingdom of Tormia was not just based on power alone.

The skills he had honed while enduring all sorts of pain for 20 years perfectly permeated his body, and he began to move in search of the most appropriate response method even in situations where he lost his reason.

Every time he swung his hand while dodging the enemy's attack, the sharp air cutter cut through the space.

The bodies of giants with muscles stronger than steel were cut into chunks, and the corpses whose schema had disappeared were crushed by the air press and sprayed with bloody particles.

It was a fireworks display with the body of a creature.

pop! pop! pop!

Giants exploded from all sides, and the density of the drawbridge loosened.

"Great!"

Gaold clenched his jaws until his teeth snapped, clearing out his foes.

Sein and the others, who had just entered the drawbridge, were unable to come up with any means and just stared blankly.

'Is that Gaold... ... .'

Armin erased all the vague images of Gaold he had imagined before coming to heaven.

Pain, the most extreme means of control for living things.

Any desire will naturally disappear in the face of that pain.

But Gaold chose the pain.

for desire.

It was indeed a judgment that ignored the basics of living things, and that's why it can be called madness that only humans possess.

'human... ... .'

Armin realized why everyone in this room was following him.

I didn't come to heaven just to save the labyrinth or prevent the final war.

They had followed Gaold to see how far a single human could truly transcend a human.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Gaold pushed the giants away with ruthless atmospheric pressure.

The air press alone could not blow up the giant in its intact state, but the inertial force he rushed through was completely converted into mental power and pushed all the mass of the giants back.

"Great!"

Certainly, the giants gathered at the last gateway were strong.

They are pushing on desperately, but they have only advanced a kilometer.

Judging from the fact that the dense formations are advantageous for blocking the rush, the enemies also know that this will be the Maginot Line.

'Bastards... ... .'

Gaold glared ahead with terrifying eyes.

It was a hatred for the whole world, not pointing out anyone in particular.

'From the beginning... ... I wasn't relying on the likes of you.'

If you did not rely on a transcendent being and refined your own strength.

Maybe if it did, the maze could not have been sent.

It was a family that was possible because he had endured self-denial beyond humanity for 20 years.

"More dense! You can't get pushed here!"

When the giants blocking Gaold's atmospheric pressure shouted, the giants clung to each other from the rear.

The weight ratio between Gaold and the giants was already over 1:100, but it was the giants who retreated.

"This, this... ... !"

Gaold raised his strength even more.

slowly, slowly. That's how you go to the maze one step at a time.

'I hate you.'

Gaold's mind became a body larger than that of a giant and pushed the world forward.

'I said I could give you everything... ... .'

Giving nothing, its name is God.

Tutuk! Tutu-tuk!

The heat of self-denial rose from Gaold, and his top began to burn.

Numerous scars that could not be engraved except through blind abuse were embroidered on his muscle-covered skin.

"Stop! Don't back down!"

The giants standing in front shouted.

And at the end of that agony, the body exploded under the pressure.

"haha. Kuck."

A hollow laugh escaped Gaold's torn lips. His dark heart was also laughing.

There were voices mocking the world and laughing at God.

'Well, there's nothing to do but hate. Anyway from the beginning... ... .'

Gaold's expression distorted, and the atmospheric pressure pushing the giants turned into sharp blades that exploded all at once.

'Because it didn't even exist!'

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!

Dozens of giants became flesh and scattered, and the road opened.

Once the momentum began to pick up, nothing could stop Gaold again.

After tearing through and tearing through the mountain of flesh, I finally passed halfway through the drawbridge.

As the wizards of the giant army gathered their energy to attempt the final blow at the end of the bridge, a roaring haze distorted the landscape like a whirlpool.

'Something like God... ... !'

Gaold thrust forward the head of a sheep, a creature that could only charge, and increased its strength.

His mind became a huge flame that collided with the flames of the giant wizards.

Aaaaaaaaaaaa!

The explosion, unimaginable, was clearly transmitted to Miro, who was 6 kilometers away.

Miro closed one eye and turned his head.

The hot wind that Gaold was delivering was blowing all the way here.

throbbing.

The sound of my heart beating faster.

perhaps... ... do.

Maybe really, I wonder if I can come this far.

"Kuaaaaa!"

As the density of the giants decreased as they left the drawbridge, Gaold rushed madly.

Little by little, it's coming closer.

"go! Gaold! Gaaaaa!"

The voice of the world has been transmitted even in the loss of reason.

The remaining distance to the maze, 6 kilometers.

"All troops sortie!"

As Surt gave the order, all the giants started charging towards Gaold.

At the forefront was Uriel's triangular Mara Shiva.

'Stupid human... ... .'

Shiva charged towards Gaold, holding the sword at his waist in both hands.

The mighty atmospheric pressure collided first, but his brute force, the incarnation of destruction, shredded the atmosphere and closed the distance.

"Aaaaaaa!"

As Gaold and Shiva's demonstration of power unfolded, the other giants dispersed in all directions and saw an opportunity.

If he approached Gaold, who had penetrated the drawbridge single-handedly, he would not have a decisive chance and would turn into bloody foam.

No one used explosive techniques, but everything around them exploded as they moved.

Gaold's ideality, which he actually bumped into with his body, was beyond Shiva's imagination.

Even if it is the same triangular mara, he is the limb of the archangel of destruction, Uriel.

Being pushed by a mere human was the first experience since birth.

'No, it's not something to hurt my pride.'

Shiva acknowledged Gaold.

he is not human

I can't really define what it is, but it was someone who was changing from a human into something non-human.

"There is no shortage of my adversaries!"

Shiva pushed Gaold with all his might, and as he did, Gaold's fighting power increased.

The maze is over there.

The sense of pain soared to the highest level in his history, and every time the sword cut through his skin, pain surged as if his brain was being ripped apart.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Gaold moved forward, squeezing the vast expanse of space with atmospheric pressure.

The thought of defeating Shiva was already a spirit that had no place to settle.

only go ahead towards the maze.

Nervousness began to creep into the heads of everyone watching from the top of the castle wall.

The distance to the maze was now only one kilometer.

'Goes!'

Gaold raised his sense of pain even more.

Woo woo woo!

Even the solid ground collapsed, forming a huge crater under his aura.

The remaining distance to the maze, 500 meters.

Shiva gritted his teeth and attacked with all his might.

Every time he swung the sword at an invisible speed, a strong wind blew up, and the strong wind bounced off Gaold's atmospheric pressure and spread in all directions.

Kururrureung! Kururrureung!

Wherever Shiva's sword wind bounced off, a puff of dust rose and a gigantic scar over 40 meters in diameter was carved into the ground.

The remaining distance to the maze, 100 meters.

'Goes. Go to the labyrinth!'

Gaold stuck out his tongue and screamed like a demon.

"Queueeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!"

A man who worshiped God, hated God, and finally erased him from existence.

"Queueeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!"

He came to this place after overcoming all the criticism and ridicule of the world.

"Queueeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!"

It's finally here.

The damn 20 meters that never narrowed down, those 20 meters were now right in front of us.

'Now.'

Shiva's eyes flashed.

The only gap in Gaold who was flawless.

At 20 meters, a very extreme event that could change your mind, Shiva's sword cut Gaold's stomach.

"Quaaaaaagh!"

As much as the pain surged, the physical shock became an immense pain and pierced Gaold's brain.

"Push everything!"

"Gaaaaaa!"

The giants let out a deafening scream and clung to Gaold.

Gaold hurriedly came to his senses, but he couldn't handle the giants pushing through with flesh bullets.

No matter how much he trained, the giant's strength terribly weighed down Gaold, and the more he did, the stronger the pain.

'you... ... I hate you!'

The scene from 20 years ago flickered in Gaold's mind.

Just like then, the maze was leaving.

'I will kill you! I will mock your name, curse it, and erase it from the world!'

All that comes to mind is hatred of God.

The madness of humans who desire what they cannot have resents and hates the non-existent god, and eventually kills the god... ... .

'Miro... ... .'

Gaold looked at the castle wall visible through the giant's body.

I want to have it so much.

Because he desperately wanted it and wanted it to be his own.

'Miro... ... .'

Gaold's right hand, which he struggled to reach toward the maze, trembled.

'Oh God... ... .'

So again, humans seek God.

'Why, why not? After suffering so much, is it not so bad?'

The remaining distance to the maze, 150 meters.

'It's okay to live for eternity in the pits of hell. So please, just her... ... She's only her... ... .'

The remaining distance to the maze, 200 meters.

"Push! More, more!"

Gaold vomited blood.

Resentment, resentment, and resentment at this moment when all efforts were wasted was so resentful that a clouded mass of anger welled up in the intestines.

"Huhhhhh! Whoa!"

Shiva squeezed through the bodies of the giants and glared at Gaold, who was crying sadly.

'I have to kill them here.'

Gaold stared into the air, unaware that a sharp blade was going into his heart.

The day before the 20 judges, Miro's voice resonated in my head like thunder.



-Then save me.



"Huhhhhh!"

All over Gaold's body, nerves trembled, and terrifying self-denial unfolded.

As the sea of ??fire stretched out to the end of the landscape, the black heart let out a roar in a form so large it could engulf the world.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

apperception.

10 million times.

Cuckoo-cuckoo-cuckoo-cuckoo!

Everything that surrounded Gaold poured down like rain.

The earth vibrated and swayed like a wave, and the giants in front burrowed into the ground, chewed by the teeth of the cracked earth.

"Big! Whoa!"

Gaold shuddered in pain. He thumped his legs and shook his limbs.

"Keep me from getting close!"

Finally, Surt, who had been watching from the wall, jumped out.

Gaold threw his hands in all directions and ran towards the walls.

The remaining distance to the maze is 100 meters. 80 meters. 50 meters.

"Oohhhh!"

When Surt, the best swordsman in Purgatory, swung his flame sword, Gaold held out his right hand.

Woo woo woo!

As the air shield on his body blew away the flames, Surt's eyes were stained with astonishment.

"This, this... ... ."

Gaold swung his hand the moment he looked at the sword that had been left behind.

With a bang, Surtur's body exploded and disappeared without a shape.

The remaining distance to the maze, 20 meters.

"I will kill you!"

The giants who lost their captain rushed with the energy of anger.

However, their anger was nothing more than a bubble in the face of Gaold's hatred.

pop! Puff puff puff!

All giants on earth died.

All that was left was the giant mage Vice Commander Urotas, but already terrified, he couldn't bear to go down the wall.

"Sigh! Sigh!"

Gaold walked beneath the walls, where no one could stand in his way.

6 meters. 4 meters. 2 meters.

Miro looked down at Gaold's approach with an expressionless face.

The blood-stained body looked incomparably stronger than it did 20 years ago and was covered with numerous scars.

And finally, Gaold stopped in front of the rampart and looked straight up into the maze.

The remaining distance to the maze.

"Sigh! Sigh!"

doesn't exist.





(end of volume 19)

=======================================