Please enable JavaScript
[Translator – Anwen]
Chapter 39
Shirone was promoted to Class 5.
Siena, who knew the unique study method of the Core of Knowledge, became the homeroom instructor.
It was hard for Shirone to keep up with the classes as he had jumped up two levels, but Shirone decided to stick with his old method nonetheless.
Class 5 had a test that occurred once a week and had a final exam at the end of the month that determined a student’s rank for that month. In the first test, Shirone placed 40th out of the 40 students.
There were a total of 11 different subjects, and his average score was only 32 points.
However, it was worth noting that his score across all the different subjects ranged from 30 to about 33.
The average score for the second theory test was 34.
‘A two-point improvement in average might seem insignificant. However…’
His scores for all subjects increased simultaneously.
The third test was similar. However, there was one slight difference this time, as there was a steeper upward trend for he scored 36 to 39.
‘It’s increasing all at once.’
Shirone’s will could be felt through his progress.
‘It’s a relief. Staying in the lower ranks for a long period of time can lead to a decrease in self-confidence.’
Siena saw no such anxiety through his progress graph. He was just quietly walking his own path.
‘Theory tests are important. It is one of the key components that helps one evaluate omniscience.’
Instructors regarded a score of about 60 or higher as the minimum standard for one to start using magic.
‘If he were to raise his average by 10 points per month, he can start using basic magic after three months. And if so…’
‘In less than half a year, he should be able to use basic magic.’
Of course, since humans were not machines, their aptitudes varied depending on their dispositions.
However, looking at the graph now, she had a strange feeling that it might be possible since it was Shirone.
How far could he raise his score without missing a single subject?
Depending on the results, the level of Shirone’s potential could be judged.
‘His relationships are also smooth.’
There were no students who looked down on Shirone because of his low grades.
By the time the students reached Class 5, their attention was focused towards the Advanced Class rather than rankings.
Countries around the world did not cut corners when trying to maintain the highest level of magic hierarchy. And especially in such situations, it was important for students to specialize in their major in order to differentiate themselves from other mages.
Therefore, students who did not yet have any kind of special skills were envious of Shirone, a specialist in light.
‘I, too, think he has an affinity in the Photon field.’
But above all else, The photon field utilized omnipotence more than omniscience. This was because the limits were more so with the human brain itself rather than aptitude.
If Shirone had not felt the segmentation of time through insight, he would not have been able to complete the Bridge That Could Not be Crossed.
For this reason, Shirone’s classmates could not ignore him and lowerclassmen would often greet him during integrated class.
Ironically, one student amongst the lowerclassmen who followed Shirone the most was Mark, who returned after being punished.
“Please, sit here. I saved a seat for you.”
“Thanks.”
The leader of Class 7 took pride in the fact that he could be friendly with Shirone.
“Oh! You were here! Any place for me?”
Mark gasped and jumped up to greet Sharelle.
“Hello!”
Sharelle was one of the top students of Class 4, so she was an upperclassman who could not be easily approached.
Sharelle waved her hands with no care and sat right next to Shirone.
“Our Shirone, you look a bit frail these days. I mean, your lover did leave, so obviously.”
“Haha! It’s not like that.”
A week ago, Amy took the promotion exam and finally got promoted to the Advanced Class.
According to Sharelle, she passed effortlessly, but anyone could tell how hard she trained for the exam.
“You must be more lonely than me. You were always together with Amy.”
“Yeah, that’s true. But it’s okay. I’m thinking of going to the Advanced Class sometime soon.”
“Yes? The Advanced Class?”
Sharelle was more than capable enough to get into the Advanced Class.
There were many talented people in Class 4, but she was a talent who stood out in terms of recovery magic.
Moreover, since the Advanced Class was a class that only focused on majors, recovery magic that had high performance would give her many advantages.
“Although I’m not doing it just to follow my friend… Like Amy, I was inspired after seeing you. My original dream was to go work at a public health center and live whatever, but at some point, I thought it would be a waste to end it like that.”
Hearing that a talented person recognized by the academy wanted to work in a public health center as her dream job caused Mark to nearly burst into tears.
“If you say something like that, then what does that make me, senior?”
“Hoohoo, don’t worry too much. I didn’t come all the way up here knowing there was something I was particularly good at. Anyone can make it to Class 4 if they work hard enough. Shirone is just a special case.”
Shirone hurriedly shook his hands.
[Translator – Anwen]
“No, I was pretty lucky too. The promotion exam last time was also something that was out of the ordinary.’
“I told you, there’s no need to talk like that. I assure you, you will be going up to the Advanced class sooner or later. Although Amy is saying that she will never let you be her classmate. Hoho, try your best anyways.”
‘Huh. Never be her classmate.’
That was something Amy would say. And as Shirone imagined her grinding her teeth while training hard, he felt his blood heat up.
“Right. Come to think of it, did Amy decide on her major?”
“What? You mean you still don’t know? I’ve had this thought for a while, but you guys really date mundanely.”
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
“We were always like this.”
Shirone smiled and swallowed quickly. Sharelle rested her chin and fell in thought.
“Hmm, Amy’s specialty is fire magic, and she specializes in the Target Form of the Four Way Formation. From what I heard before, it sounded like she was probably aiming to be a sniper.”
Most fire mages aimed to become battle mages, so sniper was a fairly unique field for it.
“Sniper? Does that mean she wants to join the army?”
Reading Shirone’s thought, Sharelle smiled bitterly.
“She can’t. I also think it’s weird for Amy to become a soldier, but it’s normal to choose a career based on talent. Besides, Amy is a Karmis, a 1st-class family. She will have to do anything for the honor of the family.”
Shirone was worried.
“But it’s dangerous work. After all, if a war begins… Well, I’m sure you already know.”
“That can happen, but honestly, if a war really breaks out, majors mean nothing. Anyone with a mage job will be made to fight. No exceptions. The magic academy will also become a training center to train prospective mages according to the kingdom’s order. From then on, such a thing as graduation will not exist. After receiving basic military training, they must be put into service.”
It was the bitter truth that was hard to take in.
“To put it simply, we are just tools for the kingdom. After all, the more talented and stronger a person is, the stronger the deterrent.”
“Even so…”
Thormia was a kingdom of great power in its own way, but peace could not be maintained at all times. So being in the military was not the safest profession.
This is because if a kingdom they were allied with asked for support, Amy would have no choice but to fight on the frontlines.
Mark did not take it seriously and took interest in something else.
“Amy becoming an officer in the army… I’m sure she’d be incredibly popular in her unit. To be honest, I can’t imagine her as a soldier.”
“Hohoho! It’s because you don’t know Amy’s personality. I personally think she fits well as one. And Shirone, don’t worry too much. After all, it’s not like mages will sword fight on the battlefield. Snipers tend to focus on espionage and covert operations. Amy the Beauty Spy. Great name don’t you think?
“Haha, I guess so.”
Shirone put aside his petty worries.
It was true that he was worried, but it was a choice made by a talent who never lost her first place, so he was sure she could handle it.
After the integrated class ended, it was time for practice, so students categorized themselves by Class.
Shirone waved goodbye to Sharelle and Mark then made his way towards his own classmates.
As many were the same age as him, there was a very lively and fun atmosphere.
“Wow, Shirone. You’re blazing hot today as well.”
Nade started off.
He was the same age as Shirone, and He had green hair which made him look like a troublemaker.
He had a cheerful personality and was a very sociable person, so there was nobody he wasn’t close to. Nade was also the first person to talk to him.
‘He has a good personality.’
His grades were somewhere in the upper-middle ranks, having no particular subject he was neither good nor bad at.
Well, if Shirone had to pick a subject he was a little better at than others, he would say it was electric magic. This was because Nade was at a level where he could somewhat cast electric magic. And considering an affinity with electricity was quite rare, he could be considered a rare talent.
There was no easy magic in the world, but the electric field was a particularly difficult one to acquire omnipotence.
‘It’s not an attribute humans are familiar with.’
After hearing his story, he understood why Nade had an affinity for it.
Nade’s dream was to become an inventor of magical weapons, and thanks to his constant handling of machines and electricity since childhood, he found it easy to acquire omnipotence in electricity.
“Blazing hot? As if. It’s so hard it’s killing me!”
“Haha! That’s why I’m here. Two’s better than one.”
Everything put aside, he was a friend who had a talent for making people comfortable.
That was probably why Shirone’s classmates would go to Nade first whenever there was a topic to talk about, even if it was something trivial.
Meanwhile, two boys started walking towards where they were, arguing to and fro.
“Hey, hey! Shironade, hear this.”
Shirone and Nade canceled their Spirit Zone after hearing the neologism of their two names.
A classmate came close and questioned.
“Which side are you, Ms. Olifer or Ms. Romie? Oh, maybe Shirone doesn’t care since he has a girlfriend? What about you, Nade?”
“Hmm, I’m, of course, Ms. Romie. Though Ms. Olifer is beautiful as well.”
“Ohh, my comrade! Ms. Romie is the best, I’m telling you. She has a baby face! And her body… Ugh!”
Shirone realized again.
‘It’s really different from Class 7.’
‘I think they are both pretty.’
Siena had a calm and cool aura, while Ethella’s looks triggered everyone’s protective instinct.
Perhaps it was because of her curves, but even after growing, she had a baby face.
As Shirone started to worry about getting asked that question, his classmates suddenly left.
“Eh?”
Shirone thought it was strange and turned around to see a boy with an eccentric look heading towards him.
It was the Class 5 geek, Yiruki Mercodine.
It could be seen as bullying, but in Shirone’s opinion, Yiruki really didn’t seem like a people person.
But even such an oddball had someone he talked to, and that was Nade, the friend of all.
“What fun things were you guys talking about?”
Nade shrugged.
“Just the same old thing. Who’s prettier, Ms. Olifer or Ms. Romie? Things like that.”
All gone was his excited demeanor, for he purposely looked less excited in consideration of Yiruki.
Shirone admired his quick, mindful personality.
Something suddenly came to Nade’s mind.
“Oh right, Shirone. Let me introduce you. This guy here is Yiruki. An outsider of Class 5.”
Chapter end
