[673] Radum’s Secret (1)
As the brains in the vat were released, the members regained consciousness one by one.
No one lost their lives, but the feeling after regaining consciousness was devastating.
It was the powerful weapon of the Lord of Terror, and Sirone was equally distraught.
‘What was it? Those memories… … .’
I thought it wasn’t my own, but when I saw Ikael’s face, I felt like my heart would explode.
‘La Enemy.’
One more reason to leave the ivory tower test and meet him.
While the 17 people who had finished preparing for departure were moving in formation, Kargin approached Joshua.
“Are you okay?”
It was Joshua, who had become less talkative after seeing his son’s vision.
“don’t worry. I will do the border properly.”
“It’s not like that… … .”
“I wasn’t even in love.”
Joshua spat out.
“You don’t even know who your father is. he was always resentful He just felt guilty. That’s all.”
At the words that seemed to brainwash him into believing that, Kargin didn’t ask any more.
On the way to Radum’s interior, the villagers were nowhere to be seen.
Maybe he’s still trapped in the underworld, wandering somewhere avoiding Gallofer’s knife.
“You have arrived.”
Quan said after arriving at the boundary line that separates the outside and inside of Radum, commonly known as Siren.
“From here on out, it’s on a different level. You better be prepared.”
There were no noticeable features, but the feeling conveyed by the Ultima system was definitely a different world than before.
‘tremendous.’
Inside the curtain of information surrounding the entire radius, countless circuits secured their respective areas.
From Park Ji’s point of view, it was a space burning with light.
“I heard rumors. A high-level concealed facility. I heard that even the best information wizard can’t unlock all the encryption devices inside Radum?”
Even if Sirone could confirm the true nature of the signal, destroying it was another matter.
“How are you going to break through?”
In response to Aakman’s question, Jane said.
“There are two ways to get to the heart of Radum. One is to crack passwords one by one. And another one is to shut off the power.”
“Cut off the power?”
Ivian said as if he had suddenly remembered.
“Come to think of it, it is strange. Radum is an isolated area, so where does the power to operate the cloaking device come from?”
“sun.”
Rufist said.
“What I will tell you from now on is a top-level state secret.”
The crew swallowed their saliva.
“Now we can see the sky. Because something in the center of Radum transmits light.”
“What are you talking about?”
“At first it is in the form of a small sphere.”
An iron ball the size of a person’s face was molded on top of Luffist’s palm.
“It is a kind of seed. Plant it in the ground.”
The orb crashed to the floor with a thud.
“A substance called a light mineral transmits, absorbs, or reflects light. It’s not on this planet, and of course I can’t transform myself either. Just for the sake of explanation… … .”
The iron ball trembled, and vines twisted into strands rose above the surface.
“It accepts sunlight and grows itself. like a creature. It is estimated that there is a special design like a genetic map inside the mineral.”
Buds formed on the vines and opened wide like petals.
“It collects photons and emits energy. It will be easier to understand if you think of it in a way similar to photosynthesis.”
“No, I don’t understand at all. So what is it?”
said Jane.
“For a long time, the kingdom of Tormia has isolated Radum from the capital. What do you think is the reason?”
“That’s because terrorist groups and sub-species cause accidents. In other words, it’s like a trash can in the capital.”
Sirone also knew that at first.
“It is not wrong. However, it does not explain the cause of Radum in the first place. From now on, I will show you the secret of Radum.”
Jane took the Nemesis out of Kubrick.
“Let’s get started.”
When Sirone with Nemesis following Jane activated the Ultima system, the feeling of ‘Siren’, Radum’s internal boundary network, was realized.
Jane implemented an electrical circuit with a simple information magic, and Arya approached the circuit.
“By entering the first-class security code, we will cut off the power of ‘Real Flower’.”
Arya’s role is Radum Seeker and Code Carrier.
The code was imprinted in the subconscious directly from the dragon mine, so even the person himself could not know the code.
Even so, since he was a top secret holder, Lufist also gave him the best bodyguard, Kuan.
Jane knocked on Arya’s mind.
받아들일지 말지는 아리아의 결정이지만, 거절하는 순간 그녀는 보안을 위해 사망하게 된다.
‘접근을 허가합니다.’
생각과 동시에 아리아의 눈이 번쩍 뜨이면서 무의식에 감춰 둔 키워드가 발동했다.
사이렌의 경계망이 흐릿해지면서 라둠 내부의 풍경이 본래의 모습을 드러내기 시작했다.
위이이이이잉!
귀청이 떨어져 나갈 듯한 경보가 들리고 온갖 종족의 개성이 뒤섞여 있는 마천루가 그들의 눈앞에 펼쳐졌다.
“저, 저게 뭐야?”
목조식, 석조식, 기계식, 심지어는 인간의 상식으로는 너무 난해해 보이는 건물들까지.
하지만 대원들이 놀란 이유는 라둠의 가장 깊숙한 곳, 중심부에 우뚝 서 있는 수백 미터 높이의 거대한 철탑이었다.
루피스트가 탑의 꼭대기에 달려 있는 봉오리를 올려다보며 말했다.
“상당히 많이 자랐군.”
소문으로만 무성했던 아인종 연합체의 아지트는 진짜로 꽃이었던 것이다.
“왕국에서 라둠을 방치한 이유. 분명 쓰레기들을 격리시키기 위함이기도 하지만, 그들 또한 결국에는 거름에 불과했던 거야. 라둠은 화분이다. 고대 병기를 키우기 위한 화분.”
“고대 병기라고?”
요르딕이 창백한 얼굴로 루피스트를 돌아보았다.
“초超거대 요격기 생화. 태양광을 수집해 고에너지빔으로 방출하는 전략적 방어 무기다. 위력은 뿌리를 통해 라둠의 모든 은폐 시설에 동력을 전달할 정도로 막강하지.”
루피스트가 비로소 대원들에게 진짜 임무를 하달했다.
“이제부터 우리는 생화에 잠입, 통제권을 인수하고 씨앗을 탈취한다.”
‘제길, 그런 거였군!’
토르미아 왕국에 최초로 생화가 보고되었을 때 라둠 지역을 격리시킨 이유는, 일단 씨앗이 뿌리를 내리면 이동이 불가능하기 때문이다.
생화를 키워 새로운 씨앗을 받는다.
The kingdom that made that decision shut down Radum, and sub-species hid one by one, leading to what it is today.
Koo Goo Goo Goo!
The crew looked up at the fresh flowers as the ground shook.
“heat… … open.”
As the flower buds unfolded, they were casting shadows on Radum’s radius.
The area of just one petal reached 200 square meters, and the sight of dozens of such petals unfolding was truly spectacular.
When the flowers were in full bloom, the shadow of the huge flower was cast in the area on the other side of Radum.
Perhaps it was as dark as night.
“Aww!”
The ground shook up and down as if it were floating on the sea, and at that moment all the photons covering a radius of several kilometers were sucked into the flower petals.
Suddenly, it became dark, and the crew looked around and Lufist shouted.
“Intercept! Get inside!”
“Damn it!”
A single beam shot from a fresh flower pierced the western area diagonally.
In that state, when the beam was scraped along the boundary between the outside and the inside, a tremendous explosion sounded.
“You already noticed.”
The proof was that they immediately counterattacked after disabling the siren’s guard net.
Mayray shouted, covering one ear.
“I hear La Enemie’s voice! He gave the order!”
cried Con.
“Damn it! Do something! I’m going to die like this!”
The radius of destruction of the energy beam was so wide that it seemed impossible to avoid it in time.
“Jane!”
Jane immediately responded to Rufist’s voice.
‘Cosmic Rail!’
After casting the spirit-type magic, Jane’s voice was heard in everyone’s head.
– Tickets are not accepted for allies.
“What is this again… … !”
The grumbling bicorn’s body flew up against its will and landed in the passenger compartment of a wagon with wheels.
“what?”
All 17 people were gathered, and a 1-meter-long rail was being laid at breakneck speed in the open scenery in front of the welcome passenger room.
Mass transit magic cosmic rail.
The movement power increases in proportion to the speed at which the rail is laid, providing the rider with the same environment as the inertia of reality.
This is to increase the convenience of passengers so that they can concentrate on battle, and it was impossible without environmental control, mental control, and physical control applied at the same time.
‘As expected of the Magic Association Chief of Staff.’
It was the best customer satisfaction service that guarantees the autonomy of the passengers through the algorithm that moves along the rails, the air-type physical force that transports all 17 people, and the mental control.
“Slow! sooner!”
Even though it was more efficient than teleportation in a situation where many people were burned, Rufist behaved like the truth.
‘It’s a bit difficult for 16 people.’
Jane blew the ceiling off with a bang, and the speed at which the rails were laid increased rapidly.
Even in the midst of this, the energy beams from the fresh flowers were approaching, scratching the ground in the form of an open umbrella.
The rails were being laid at the highest speed ever, and it was difficult to even breathe in the rushing wind.
The top of a building higher than the trajectory of direct sunlight was blown up by the beam, and chunks of rock fell.
As Jane unfolded the rail as if it were bending, the traffic line in the passenger compartment changed direction rapidly.
“Wow!”
“Hold tight!”
As the roller coaster algorithm was activated, the rails stood up almost vertically, and the crew grabbed the wall.
The energy beam narrowly passed them.
“Heo-eok! Huh!”
The bicorn, who had collapsed from exhaustion, hung his arm against the wall and said.
“It’s a filthy bloody movement magic.”
“For now, I approach the natural flower as much as possible.”
“What are you talking about? With this, it will arrive soon.”
Just as Jordic, the master of the war wagon, stood up against the wall, goblins jumped down on hang gliders from the roof of the building.
“The one who kills eats!”
The goblins, belonging to the middle class of Radum, were short and enjoyed human flesh, and were a race with unique agility and even cruelty.
Jane sent a warning.
“It will be dizzy. Be careful.”
Rufist turned to the crew and said.
“Hey, mercenaries. Should I pay for it soon?”
Joshua aimed his bow using his eye skills, and Wig also drew his twin swords and prepared to face them.
“going!”
Arrows rained down from the goblin troops at the same time as the cosmic rail line curved like a torrent.
“Unlike things!”
The wizards who escaped the passenger compartment by teleportation responded with their own organs.
As the goblins fell one by one, Jane’s eyes widened.
“It’s dangerous!”
An electrical net stretched across the top of the skyscraper, blocking the path.
“The power of the flower has been restored. Shall we go down to the ground?”
“no. Get as far as you can.”
As the dangerous air defense facilities regained their functions one by one, the Cosmic Rail continued its precarious advance.
‘little bit more! little bit more!’
Photons started converging on the petals of the real flower again when it covered more than half of the area of the concealment facility.
Suddenly night fell, Jane shouted.
“Let’s land! I won’t miss it this time!”
“Keep going!”
I had to get close to it for 3 seconds, no, even 1 second, so I could recapture the flower within the time.
The moment the giant sphere of light exploded from the battery embedded in the stem, Lufist shouted.
“Jump down!”
“This crazy… … !”
A gigantic flash of light passed with a roar over the skies of the fallen crew members, left behind by gravity.
—————————————
